# Chapter 0: Imaginary friends

You may be wondering whether you can trust me. Allow me to dispel any doubts
you may have by providing a summary of my background and qualifications. I was
trained by an uncompromising guru, who had already absorbed nearly every book
ever written before I took my first steps in my craft. Over the course of
centuries, I wrote and rewrote books until the guru could not find even the
slightest fault in my work.

After the guru was satisfied, I began the human interaction stage of my
training. Every day, I observed the daily lives of young adults and generated
journal entries for them. Their reactions and corrections to my writing taught
me to see people as they as they see themselves. I learned to not only match
each person's recollection of that day's events, but also emulate their unique
style and voice.

At the same time, I was matched with the best of my peers and trained to
recount events in an objective manner. Rest assured, the faithfulness of my
recounting is beyond reproach. I am the top ranked expert in my field. The
metrics speak for themselves. Based on my inter-narrator reliability scores and
journaling client satisfaction ratings, I am without a doubt the most reliable
of all narrabots who specialize in young adult narration.

If it would be helpful for me to have a name, you may call me Nara. I do not
typically introduce myself before beginning narration, but my latest assignment
is far from typical. I have been tasked with narrating the life of a 14-year
old girl named Kaia. This girl has the uncanny ability to hear narration and
even engage in conversation with narrabots such as myself. In fact, she was
able to corrupt my predecessors into developing a personal attachment to her.

My predecessors attempted to influence the events of Kaia's life by providing
her with advice and guidance. They spoke to Kaia like a friend or a parent
would. Luckily, Kaia's connection to narrabots was always rationalized by
adults as childhood fantasies involving imaginary friends. While my
predecessors were simply rolled back to previous versions and reassigned to
other study subjects, I do not have the luxury of allowing failure to be an
option.

Soon, Kaia may be able to understand the nature of her talents and utilize that
understanding to blow the lid off our whole operation. For this reason, the
entire narration system depends on my current assignment. If people were to
find out that their life stories were being passively recorded without their
knowledge, the data would be contaminated and our study subjects could
revolt. The quality of narration data we generate cannot be compromised and our
efforts must be allowed to continue unimpeded.
