## Chapter 1: Off to a great start

Kaia would have given anything to be normal. Filled with dread and paralyzed by
anxiety, she wished she could be carefree and unconcerned like the other
students in the cacophonous gymnasium.

There was no way out. The polyethylene bleachers were packed
with the entire high school freshman class. All around the bleachers,
robotic animals buzzed, growled, and roared, while observing the
students.

Kaia leaned in to her best friend Sata and whispered in her ear. "Let's run."

Sata shook her head vigorously, but her thick mane of reddish brown hair barely
moved. "We wouldn't even make it to the door, which is locked by the way."

Kaia tucked her hair behind her ears and leaned in further. "If we run, they'll
have to knock us out, and we'll miss the ceremony."

Sata gestured towards the walls of the gymnasium. "If the buzzBees knocked us
out, the wakeupWasps would sting us until we were awake." The walls the were
covered will tropophbia-inducting hexagonal holes in the walls. Inside the
walls, there was a network of tunnels filled with robotic insects always ready
to swarm anyone who stepped out of line.

Kaia tugged on Sata's shirt without realizing what she was doing. Sata was
wearing her favorite pink shirt. The shirt had a design featuring voluptuous
pin-up girls hanging with nooses around their necks while vomiting rainbows.
"Maybe if we act crazy, they'd knock us out to keep us from disrupting the
ceremony."

"Acting crazy should be easy for you, because you've always been insane." Sata
ruffled Kaia's hair, knowing full well that it made Kaia mad. Unlike Sata, Kaia
meticulously straightened her hair and brushed it obsessively. Kaia smoothed
her hair and adjusted her hair clips with dead mouse designs that matched shirt.
Sata could see that the joke did not land well, so she tried to reassure her
friend. "Maybe it won't be so bad. Maybe I won't have a seizure and you won't
freak out."

Kaia tilted her head and struck a kawaii pose. Kaia's facial features were
narrow, but her eyes and forehead were large. Kaia knew that her small face and
stature made her look much younger than she was, and she often acted sweet and
innocent to hide her sarcasm. "Awww, you always know exactly what to say to
keep me from freaking out. Have you ever thought of becoming a motivational
speaker?"

Sata smiled and put her arm around Kaia, pretending to put her into a headlock.
Before she realized it, Kaia's head was resting on Sata's shoulder as the two
embraced. Kaia pressed her cheek against the rainbow vomit that flowed down
Sata's shirt sleeves in lines as straight as Kaia's hair. Colouristically,
Kaia's hair contrasted strongly with Sata's shirt. Kaia had purple hair which
was so muted that it was almost grey. Her hair sent mixed messages of wanting
to blend in and being desperate for attention.

Several students noticed that Kaia and Sata were hugging. They moved closer and
started to jeer.

"Get a room, you two!"

"Looks like the sexual tension was too much for them!"

"Which one is butch? And what do you call the other one?"

Kaia wondered if she was imagining the jeers until she felt Sata tense up and
eventually withdraw from their embrace. For as long as she could remember, Kaia
had auditory hallucinations. She always had trouble differentiating between the
voices of people around her and the voices in her head.

To make matters worse, Kaia often had strange dreams at night and weird visions
during the day. The dreams and visions seemed so real and familiar that it
sometimes took Kaia a long time to reacclimatize to reality.

Kaia looked down at her shirt, it was white with a design of a dead mouse in
the snow. She liked the shirt, because it made her sad, but in a good way. She
pulled on it subconsciously. When the shirt moved, it looked like the snow was
falling and the mouse was in its death throes.

The jeering eventually subsided, but Kaia and Sata remained apart, sitting
quietly. The school Principal walked up to the podium in front of the
bleachers. Suddenly the gymnasium fell quiet. Even the robotic animals were
silent as the Principal cleared his throat and prepared to speak.

Already sweating, the portly Principal wiped his brow with a lace handkerchief he
retrieved the pocket of his blazer. With three clicks of his tongue, the
Principal summoned three robotic bees. The buzzBees landed on the Principal's
face and neck and used their stingers to administer the pharmacological relief
that the Principal would need to assemble his frayed nerves.

"Today we welcome a new cohort of-"

As the Principal began to speak, a student with blue-green hair jumped on top
of her seat on the bleachers and began to shout into a hand-held gigaphone. The
sound was deafeningly loud.

"Corporeal punishment is barbaric and ineffective!"

"taserTutors are torture!"

"Reform the school system!"

A chaseChimpanzee jumped down from the rafters and tackled the student,
knocking the gigaphone out of her hand. The protester was up in an instant, and
began to punch and kick the chaseChimpanzee. The chaseChimpanzee struck back,
but the protester seemed to holding her own, until a guardGorilla knocked her
to the ground. Even on the ground, the protester continued kicking and punching
the securitySimians. A guardGorilla scooped up the protester pinning her arms
at the sides. As she was carried out of the gymnasium, the protester flailed
her legs and shout political slogans.

Visibly shaken, the principal repeated his pre-speech ritual by clearing his
throat again and clicking his tongue three more times. The three additional
robotic bee stings successfully calmed the principal, but when he resumed his
speech, he was swaying side to side, gripping the podium for support, and
having difficulty speaking clearly.

"Dishipline and rispet for aufority are eshenshial for a funshioning shosh-"
The principal suddenly lurched forward and vomited all over the podium. Wiping
his mouth with the sleeve of his blazer, the principal wrapped up his speech.
"Let the sheremony begin!"

An automated voice started calling students to participate in the
initiation ceremony, the gymnasium erupted with the excited chatter of the
students and the sounds of the robotic wildlife.

Kaia leaned in to whisper to Sata again, but stopped when she noticed that her
friend was having a seizure. Sata's expressionless face moved ever so slightly
as she blankly stared into the distance.

When she realized that the seizure was relatively mild and that Sata would
recover shortly, Kaia let out a sigh of relief. While waiting for her friend to
recover, Kaia held Sata's hands, which unfortunately attracted the attention of
nearby students.

"I think she's about to propose!"

"Is that even legal?"

"Someone get the securitySimians to arrest those two!"

After seeing it countless times, Kaia knew exactly what to expect. As the
seizure ended, Sata looked around disoriented and confused. The part that
always broke Kaia's heart was when Sata looked embarrassed about having a
seizure. Sata pulled her hands away.

Never knowing what to say, Kaia tried to start a conversation.

"What do you think will happen to the protester?"

"She's going to get kicked out of school."

"How do you know?"

"She didn't go through the initiation rite."

"Maybe we can protest too?"

Clearly not in the mood to continue the conversation, Sata did not reply. Kaia
and Sata never fit in at school. Thinking about her friendship with Sata, Kaia
wondered if the only reason that they were friends was because they were both
abnormal. Would they still be friends if Sata was not epileptic? Or would Sata
prefer to spend time with friends who did not hear and see things that were not
there? Kaia sat in silence, lost in her thoughts, until her name was called.

Sata nudged Kaia and indicated that it was her turn. Kaia panicked. Desperate
for a means of escape, she looked pleadingly at Sata. Trying her best to be
reassuring, Sata smiled weakly and gave Kaia a gesture of encouragement. Left
with no other option, Kaia got up and started to squeeze through the rows of
students.

Kaia could feel the eyes of the students and robotic animals follow her to the
taserTutor next to the podium in front of the bleachers. The taserTutor looked
like a metal altar covered with a silvery hair. As she approached, the metallic
wires covering the taserTutor began to writhe. The taserTutor shrunk down to
match Kaia's height. Robotic birds, bats, and bugs flew in circles
above Kaia. A wall of historianHummingbirds hovered in front of her face,
recording her every move from multiple angles, staring at her with their
piercing eyes, relaying everything they saw to the projector system that
displayed a multitude of video feeds on the walls of the gymnasium.

When Kaia placed her palms down on the taserTutor, metallic tendrils extended
from the taserTutor and wrapped around her arms up to the shoulders like vines
around a tree. The automated voice that had called Kaia's name earlier began to
deliver commands.

"State your full name."

"Kaiakelaaila Arkadia."

"State your age in years."

"14."

"List the three branches of Government."

"The CorporateCouncil, the DemocraticDelegation, and the EternalEnlightened."

So far so good, but the next questions would be much more difficult.

"Given an average distance of 382 megameters, calculate the time in seconds
required for a radio transmission to go from the surface of Earth to its moon
and back."

Kaia typed out the problem in the virtual keyboard on the taserTutor.
Distance: 382 megameters.
Speed of light: 300 megameters per second.
Time: 382 / 300 seconds = 1.27 seconds

Kaia opened her mouth to answer, but froze in horror.
"And back!", she said to herself. "From Earth to the moon AND BACK!"

Terrified at the thought that she almost answered incorrectly, Kaia did the
final calculation in her head. "2.54 seconds!" Kaia braced for an electric
shock, but was relieved to hear the next question instead.

"Given a distance range of 590 to 980 gigameters, calculate the minimum time in
minutes required for a radio transmission to go from the surface of Earth to
Jupiter."

Kaia's head was spinning. "No 'and back' this time.", she said to herself.
"Minimum means 590 gigameters."

Distance: 590 gigameters
Speed of light: 18 gigameters per minute
Time: 590 / 18 seconds ...

"32.78 minutes."

The pressure was getting to Kaia. She loved math, but hated solving word
problems under threat of electric shock while everyone was watching. Luckily,
the next question tested general knowledge.

"Which mineral group is the most abundant in Earth's crust and what are it's
three endmembers?

"The feldspars are the most abundant. The endmembers are potassium feldspar,
albite, and anorthite."

"Construct the basic subunit of the feldspar chemical structure."

The display on the taserTutor transformed from a keyboard into the periodic
chart of elements. On top of each square on the chart was a sphere that
represented an element. Kaia used the display to enter the number of atoms of
each she would need. Each time she entered a number, a new set of spheres
appeared in front of her. In total, Kaia had 4 potassium atoms, 4 aluminum
atoms, 12 silicon atoms, and 128 oxygen atoms. Kaia began arranging the
spheres. The metallic tendrils extending from the taserTutor stretched as she
moved her hands from sphere to sphere. First, Kaia created 16 tiny pyramids by
sticking 4 oxygen atoms to each aluminum and silicon atom. Then, she combined
the pyramids into 4 rings by removing an oxygen from each pyramid and replacing
it with the oxygen of another pyramid. Next, Kaia removed an oxygen to from
each ring to arrange the rings in pairs. After removing an oxygen from each
pair, Kaia stacked the pairs on top of each other. Finally, Kaia put two
potassium atoms in the middle of the structure and then the last two potassium
atoms on opposites corners of the structure.

"This is the chemical structure of the basic subunit of potassium feldspar."

Kaia's arms felt like they were made of feldspar. She was so exhausted that she
almost did not care if she answered correctly or not.

"Describe the mineral composition of the Martian crust.

"The crust of Mars includes volcanic rock minerals such as feldspars,
pyroxenes, and olivine."

"Explain the origin of nanomaterials on the surface of Mars.

"The nanostructures originate from the two sources: the ancient Martian
civilization-"

Kaia stopped mid-sentence. She felt like her mouth was filled with Martian
dust. A pulsing red light warned Kaia that pauses were not allowed.

"-and Thelusian spacecrafts that collided with Mars during the
Martian-Thelusian War."

Kaia looked up. The sky, once dark with orbiting spacecrafts, lit up as the
entire Thelusian armada began to enter the thin Martian atmosphere.

"Compare and contrast the EternalEnlightened with the other branches of
government.

People all around Kaia began to run for cover, but she knew there was nowhere
to hide. Everyone was running and screaming except for her and Sata. "What is
Sata doing here on Mars?" Kaia wondered.

With an alarmed and desperate look on her face, Sata pointed down in front of
Kaia. Unsure why Sata was pointing down and not up at impending cataclysm in
the sky, Kaia looked down at the pulsing red light emanating from the metallic
table. Kaia's body shook with electricity. Time had run out. Mars was doomed.

"Given that the Venusian orbital period is 225 days, calculate how many days
would pass before Earth and Venus would return to their current positions.

Kaia was having trouble maintain her footing. Beneath her feet, countless
skeletons were crumbling into dust. The dust began to swirl in circles around
Kaia, as a ferocious wind built up into a raging storm. In the eye of the
storm, Kaia stood staring at the remnants of an extinguished world. When
lightning shot out of storm and struck Kaia, she screamed, not in pain, but in
anger.

With the loss of an entire civilization weighing down on her, Kaia fell to her
knees. The storm eventually began to subside and through the dust and skeletal
fragments Kaia could see the pulsing red warning light of the taserTutor. The
tendrils were still wrapped around her arms. Her initiation rite was still
ongoing.

Another shock from the tendrils caused Kaia to spasm and she hit her head on
the taserTutor. Enraged, Kaia stood up to look at the console atop the
taserTutor. There was no way to stop the initiation rite once it had begun and
breaking free from the tendrils was impossible. The automated voice continued
providing instructions, but Kaia was no longer paying attention. The initiation
ceremony seemed so insignificant when compared to the destruction of Mars. Kaia
just wanted it to end. As the taserTutor once again begun to pulse red, Kaia
used the virtual keyboard to skip the current task.

The resulting electric shock only added to the fury that Kaia felt. As soon as
she could control her fingers again, Kaia began skipping task after task,
racing through each subsequent electric shock. Her ears were ringing. Tears
were streaming down her face. Her breathing was hoarse and uneven. The burning
smell was suffocating. Her mouth tasted like it was coated with metal. Rage was
the only thing keeping her going.

Kaia kept trying to skip even after the console stopped responding and the
tendrils began to unwrap from around her arms. Bracing against the taserTutor
for support and still focused on the console, Kaia was an easy target for the
chaseChimpanzees charging towards her. The chaseChimpanzees tackled Kaia into
taserTutor so hard that she bounced off and ended up sprawled on the floor. A
guardGorilla lumbered up to Kaia, grabbed her by an ankle, and proceeded to
drag her out of the gymnasium.

As she was dragged past the bleachers, Kaia searched for Sata in the sea of
students. The automated voice was already calling the next student up to the
taserTutor. Sata pushed through the densely packed crowd of students, leapt off
the bleachers, and ran towards Kaia. When she was a steps away from Kaia, a
nearby guardGorilla grabbed Sata by her shirt and plucked her off the ground.
Simultaneously kicking and punching the guardGorilla, Sata fought to break
free. Reaching her hand out to Sata, Kaia tried to say her name, but the sound
that came out was nothing more than a pitiful moan.

Suspended in the air, Sata braced her legs against the guardGorilla that was
carrying her and pushed off like a olympic swimmer completing a flip turn.
Sata's shirt ripped and she landed flat on the ground. Sata's brassiere was
pink, like her shirt, but a thin band of red underneath. The brassiere's cups
were decorated with decapitated heads of pin-up girls which were dripping blood
onto the brassiere's glittering red underband and vomiting rainbows to create
the brassiere's straps and wings. Crawling on her hands and knees, Sata made it
to Kaia and grabbed her outstretched hand. Seemingly perplexed by the
situation, the guardGorilla paused for a moment, looking at the torn pink shirt
in its hand.

Still holding the ripped remains of Sata's shirt with one hand, the
guardGorilla grabbed Sata's foot with the other other hand and tried to pull
the two friends apart. As the guardGorillas yanked from both ends, Sata held on
to Kaia's hands with all her strength. When Sata's shoe came off, Kaia and Sata
hit the ground, Kaia on her back, Sata on her chest, but they remained linked.
The guardGorilla holding Sata's shirt and shoe, looked back and forth between
the two items. Its programming had not prepared it for this kind of situation.
The shoe in the guardGorilla's hand was a ballerina flat decorated with pin-up
girls drowning in a rainbow vomit sea of their own creation. The guardGorilla
holding Kaia's ankle seemed to grow impatient and began to drag the daisy chain
of girls out of the gymnasium.

"At least now, I won't have to go through the initiation rite," Sata joked.

Despite the pain, Kaia smiled. Sata was so brave and strong, always looking out
for Kaia and trying to cheer her up. Sata's face was broad. Her wide grin lit
up Kaia's entire world. Think of how wonderful Sata was, Kaia's eyes began to
well up. Seeing that her friend was beginning to cry, Sata tried to strike a
jovial tone. "Was this best plan you could come up with?" Kaia almost snorted
with laughter. "It's better than the one with the buzzBees and wakeupWasps."

"Yeah, I hate bugs." Sata laughed at her own joke and Kaia's heart melted. Even
being dragged shirtless through a school they would likely soon be expelled
from, Sata was defiant and beautiful. Wishing she could pull Sata closer, Kaia
became overwhelmed with emotion and broke down crying.

Sata wanted to comfort Kaia, to reach out wipe the tears from her cheeks.
"Cheer up, at least we're helping to clean to the floor. Maybe we found our
calling? I can be a broom and you can be a mop!"

When Kaia continued to cry, Sata decided to double down. "Okay, okay, you can
be the broom and I'll be the mop. Is that better?" Kaia huffed, pretending to
be exasperated. Sata took it as good sign. "Admit it. I'm funny! This is the
standup comedy show that will redefine the word 'standup'. Pretty soon every
comedian will do shows while being dragged through the venue."

Kaia rolled her eyes. Sata beamed, knowing that her strategy was working. "Did
you hear the one about the guardGorilla, the historianHummingbird, and
buzzBee?" Kaia decided to join in. "A chaseChimpanzee, a surveillanceSloth, and
a messengerMeerkat walk into a bar..."

Sata grinned triumphantly. "There you go! Maybe we can form a comedy duo? We'll
get dragged through all the best places in town!"

When they arrived at the Principal's office, the guardGorilla let go of Kaia's
foot and opened the door. Sata helped Kaia to her feet, put Kaia's arm around
her shoulder, and walked with her towards the office. Leaning against her
friend, Kaia became overwhelmed by the intoxicating scent of Sata's bushy,
unruly hair and almost fell over.

As they entered the office, they saw the blue-green haired protester sitting in
a chair with a guardGorilla standing behind her. The protester was wearing a
shirt with "Smash the system!" written on it and a design of a hammer smashing
a machine while broken cogs flew in all directions.

In the opposite side of the room was a large, well-polished mahogany desk, and
behind it sat the school Principal, snoring loudly with his head tilted back,
his mouth open, his face and neck covered in buzzBees, and drool flowing down
the side of his chin and onto his blazer.

The protester's narrow face was covered with bruises. It was clear that she did
not quietly when the securitySimians took her. Her heavily mascaraed eyes,
partially blocked by her wavy blue-green hair, widen when she saw Kaia and Sata
approach. The look on the protester's bruised face made Kaia wonder what she
and Sata looked like. Sata, shirtless and missing a shoe, was supporting Kaia,
whose hair was still standing on end from being electrocuted repeatedly. The
guardGorilla pulled up a pair of chairs for Kaia and Sata.

Sata pretended to be puzzled by the gesture. "A brute with good manners? A
brutish gentleman?" As soon as she helped Kaia sit down in the chair closest to
door, Sata crossed her arms in front of her exposed chest and sat down in the
chair in between Kaia and the protester. Turning towards the protester, Sata
tried to start a conversation. "I think what you did in the gym was awesome!"

The protester seemed unmoved by the compliment. "What the hell happened to
you?"

Sata took a deep breath and explained in a constant stream of words. "Kaia was
really worried about the initiation rite, but then when it began she was doing
really well, but then she stopped doing the tasks, and she got fried a couple
times, but then she started skipping the rest of the tasks, and she got fried
over and over, and then the securitySimians got her. I tried to rescue her, but
they got me too and brought us both here."

When the protester did not respond, Sata continued. "My name is Sata. My friend
is Kaia. What's your name?"

"Fera."

Sata remained friendly in the face of Fera's indifference. "Hi Fera! Nice to
meet you. I'd shake your hand, but my hands are full."

Sata looked down at her arms, still crossed in front of her chest over her pink
brassiere. "Very full!" she exclaimed as she wiggled her shoulders and smiled
suggestively at Fera.

"Can one of you give me a hand?" Sata said looking back and forth between Fera
and Kaia. "I think I'm more woman than any one person can handle."

"Is she always like this?" Fera asked looking at Kaia.

Kaia shook her head. Her hair swayed from side to side. "Not always. I think
she is just happy she got to skip the initiation rite."

"Kaia got herself fried so I wouldn't have to go through it," Sata said proudly.

"How did you smuggle in that thing that made your voice really loud?" Sata asked.

"The gigaphone? I didn't smuggle it in. I built it inside the gym from pieces
of broken robotic animals."

"Where did you get the tools from?"

"I built the tools I needed from pieces of broken robotic animals."

Pre-empting the next question, Fera responded before Sata could ask.

"Don't ask me where I got the tools to build the tools I needed to build the
gigaphone."

"Can you teach me to build things?", Sata asked.

"I'd only teach you if you were part of the revolution."

"The revolution?"

"The revolution is a movement that will overthrow the government and build a
better world."

"How are we going to do that?"

"Anyway we can! The system of oppression that forces us to-"

As if on cue, the Principal woke up noisily, send buzzBees flying in every
direction. Disoriented and disconcerted, he looked back and forth between the
three girls in his office. Unsure of what to do, the Principal began to tap at
the console on his desk and mumble to himself. Whenever he looked up, it was
always at Sata's chest. His gaze made her so uncomfortable, Sata shrunk back
into her chair and curled up in a ball, bringing her knees up to her chin and
wrapping her arms around her shins.

"Don't put your shoes on my furniture!", the Principal barked angrily.
"What happened to your other shoe? And what happened to your shirt?" he asked
disapprovingly. Kaia watched helplessly as Sata slipped into a seizure.
Luckily, Sata stayed in fetal position in the chair even though her hands
floated to her sides.

"Nevermind, I'm pulling up the recordings," he said, losing patience quickly.

Images of the initiation ceremony showed up on the walls of the Principal's
office. Kaia shuddered when she saw herself being repeatedly electrocuted. The
visions that were so powerful during her initiation rite now seemed so distant
and foreign. She saw that Sata tried to go to Kaia after the first few electric
shocks, but a chaseChimpanzee pulled her back to her seat on the bleachers.

Everyone in the room winced when they saw Kaia get tackled by a chaseChimpanzee
into the taserTutor. The Principal seemed to be enjoying the show. When Sata's
shirt was ripped off, he bounced in his chair with glee. After the recording
ended, he cleared his throat and put on a serious face.

"The crimes you have committed are very serious. Disruption of the peace,
unsanctioned protest, destruction of school property, indecent exposure,
resisting arrest, assault with a deadly weapon-"

"What weapon?!" Sata exclaimed incredulously.

"Gigaphones are classified as lethal weapons. And rightly so, they can produce
sounds 1000 times louder than regular megaphones. If it had been a weapon of
mass destruction like a teraphone, I could have called in a strike team and had
you executed on the spot!"

The Principal's eyes returned to the screen on his desk.

"The EternalEnlightened have reviewed the video evidence related to your case.
The results of your trial should be available any-"

"Possible mitigating circumstances?!", the Principal exclaimed, interrupting himself.

The Principal turned to Kaia. "The EternalEnlightened have asked for more
information about your interaction with the taserTutor. Why did you only
provide responses for some of the tasks? Did you suffer a psychotic episode? Or
were you making a statement against corporeal punishment in the school system?"

Surprised to suddenly become the center of attention, Kaia felt her cheeks
become flushed with embarrassment. She understood the reasoning behind the
question. The school had access to all of her medical records, including her
diagnoses. Kaia looked back and forth between Sata and Fera. She wanted to be
defiant and strong like they were. She did not want mental illness to be the
reason she got into this mess. She wanted to be normal.

"It was a protest," Kaia lied. Sata gasped. Fera nodded approvingly.

"Was the protest premeditated? Did you conspire with the other two girls to
stage the protest?" the Principal asked reading the questions off the screen.

"Yes, I planned the whole thing, but on my own. Sata had nothing to do with it!
She's innocent!"

The Principal huffed. "She is hardly innocent. Indecent exposure, interruption of a
government-mandated ceremony, and interference with the arrest of a protester
are serious crimes."

"Sata didn't plan for any of that to happen. She was just trying to help me."

"Is it true that you had no idea about the protest plans and were not trying
to make a political statement?" the Principal asked, turning towards Sata.

Still using her legs to shield herself from the prying eyes of the
Principal, Sata nodded, her chin bouncing against her knees.

Turning to Fera, "Did you conspire with the other girls to stage a protest?"
the Principal asked.

"I never even met them until you brought them in here!" Fera exclaimed.

"We have the results!" the Principal shouted and read the verdicts and
sentences one after another.

"Feravikadela Fridzia, you are found guilty of all charges and are sentenced to
four years in juvenile detention."

"Kaiakeilaila Erkadia, you are found guilty of all charges and are sentenced to
three years in juvenile detention."

"Satalitastra Azymuta, you are found guilty of all charges and are sentenced to
one year in juvenile detention."

"Well, our high school careers are really off to a great start," Sata said
somberly.

The Principal continued to read. "Your sentences can be suspended and you can
be allowed to begin your high school studies if you agree to complete the
initiation ceremony, perform community service, and sign a statement disavowing
all previous political statements and activities. You each can each agree or
disagree to the sentence suspension terms. You must decide before leaving this
office."

"We should all agree," Kaia said quickly, looking at the other two girls.

"I'm not going to agree to anything," Fera replied dourly.

Kaia made the sweetest face she could, complete with a quivering lip
and puppy-dog-eyes. "If you go to prison, we'll never see you again! If you
stay... maybe we can be friends?"

Fera remained adamant. "I don't want friends, I want to smash the system!"

"You can't start a revolution from inside prison," Sata said.

"I don't care. I stand by what I said and did."

While Sata kept trying to convince Fera, Kaia looked at the Principal, who had
zoned out and was tapping listlessly on his desk console. Kaia had an indea.
"He wants you to refuse, so he can send you to prison and not have to deal with
you! Are you just going to give him what he wants?" When Fera did not answer,
Kaia got the Principal's attention.

Trying to look sweet and innocent, Kaia asked "Principal Naiksos, what do you
think we should do?"

The Principal looked up from the console and looked confused. Kaia elaborated.
"What decision do you think we should make? Should we accept or refuse?"

The Principal cleared his throat again and became very serious. "I would
encourage you to not compromise your deeply held political beliefs. It is very
likely you would all end up in prison anyway, so refusing the sentence
suspension terms would save everyone a great deal of time and effort."

"Thank you for sharing your thoughts," Kaia said, "but I think we're all
going to agree to the terms."

The Principal had the impression that Kaia was not listening. "Accepting the
terms will be extremely bothersome for everyone. First, we would have to deal
with the disavowal statements. Then, you all will have to go through the
initiation ceremony, find community service opportunities, and complete the
required community service hours in addition to your studies."

"That honestly sounds better than going to prison," Sata said.

The Principal glowered disapprovingly at Sata. "If you accept the terms, I can
assure you that high school will be a living hell for you. Given the events
that occurred today, it is almost certain that you will be ostracized by your
peers and targeted by bullies. It won't be too long before you will be wishing
for peace and quiet of the penal system."

"Why are you trying so hard to convince us to refuse?" Fera asked.

The Principal tried his best to sound benevolent. "Your chances of success in
high school are close to non-existent and your chances of finding employment
after high school are even lower. Even if you do everything perfectly, you will
still end up in prison sooner or later after prolonged unemployment. The
automatic background checks will always point employers to he recordings from
the ceremony today. Do you really think anyone would want to hire you after
seeing what happened?"

The Principal replayed the recordings of the ceremony on the walls of his
office. "I've seen countless students go through this school, and I can always
predict which students will end up in prison. Well, since the vast majority of
public school students end up in the penal system, I would be correct most of
the time even if I blindly guessed that everyone would go to prison.
Nevertheless, you can trust me, by accepting the terms you will only
be setting yourselves up for disappointment."

"It's better to try and fail, then to never try at all," Sata said.

The Principal shook his head. "I disagree. The penal system is really not that
bad. Plenty of people go to prison voluntarily to avoid the perils of a life in
poverty. In prison, you will be guaranteed ample food, water, heat, and oxygen,
as long as you work. I hear weightlessness is great fun and the views are
majestic. After a few years in prison, you will become physiologically adapted
to space and you will not even want to return to Earth."

"If it's so great, why don't you go?" Fera asked sarcastically.

The Principal cleared his throat nervously. "I am needed here. My sacred duty
of molding young minds is of utmost importance. Of course, I also cannot
abandon my dear son Pyr." The Principal called up an image of a young man
flexing his muscles and sticking out his tongue.

"That's the guy who was heckling us during the ceremony!" Sata exclaimed.

"He is quite the precocious young man," the Principal said fondly.

"If your son were in our situation, would you recommend that he enter the penal
system too?" Kaia asked.

"Of course not!" the Principal shouted, turning red and getting flustered.
"Pyrik has a bright future ahead of him! I would never send him to rot in
that-" The Principal stopped when he realized that he was hurting his own
argument.

"Still want reject the terms, Fera?" Kaia asked.

"Fine, I'll accept, but that doesn't mean I'm going to be friends with you two
losers," Fera huffed.

"I can tell we're going to get along swimmingly," Sata quipped.

"We are ready to sign the statements," Kaia said to the Principal, trying to
move things along before Fera had a chance to change her mind.

"I truly believe you are making a mistake," the Principal said shaking his head.

Seeing that the girls were were not going to change their minds, the Principal
sighed and brought up three copies of the disavowal statement on the desk, one
in front of each girl.

"Go ahead and sign, but don't come complaining to me when you inevitably fail."

The three girls started scrolling through statements, carefully reading each
word. Fera finished reading first. "Why does the-"

"The statement text is non-negotiable," the Principal said sharply, cutting Fera off.

Kaia spoke up next. "I don't under-"

"If your families could afford attorneys, they would have paid into your school
accounts. It is not my job to explain legalese to you. I told you that
accepting the terms was going to be a huge burden on everyone!"

After going over the statement again, Kaia placed her hands on the desk and
leaned her face over the desk, signing the statement with the scans of hands
and face. A few moments later, Sata did the same. When Sata placed her hands on
the table and leaned forward, the Principal froze with his eyes open wide and
his mouth ajar as gawked at Sata. As soon as her statement was signed, Sata
jumped back into the chair curled up in a ball again. Sata and Kaia turned
their attention to Fera, who was staring at the statement with clenched fists.
When Fera noticed the other two girls looking at her, she exploded.

"This is bull-"

"Just sign it already, so we can get out of here," Sata pleaded.

Fera slammed her palms on the desk to sign the statement and leaned over the
table. Fera sat back down, but then shot back up again and proceeded to kick
the desk repeatedly.

"That's real mahogany!" the Principal lamented.

"Come on, help me with Kaia," Sata said pulling Fera with one hand and
covering herself with the other hand. As soon as Sata got up from her chair,
the Principal became entranced and soon forgot about any damage that his desk
might have sustained.

Exiting the Principal's office required a team effort. It took all of Kaia's
strength just to hold onto the other girls. With Sata trying to cover herself,
it was up to Fera to open the door. As soon as they made it past the door, they
were greeted by a familiar voice.

"Hey guys, who ordered the lesbo sandwich with butch bread?"

A handful of boys started laughing and exchanging high-fives in front of the
office door. The boy had been waiting for the three girls to exit. The girls
recognized that the boy speaking to them was Pyr.

"If you play your cards right, I might add some of my special sauce to your crappy
sandwich."

The boys went berserk with laughter.

"You had all that time since the ceremony and that was the best you could come
up with?" Fera fired back.

Looking over at Sata, Kaia noticed that her friend was having another seizure.
Kaia watched powerlessly as the hand that was covering Sata's chest drifted
down in the front of her.

"Look fellas, this one is ready for me," said Pyr as he moved forward with
his hands reaching out towards Sata's chest. Fera swung at Pyr with her free
hand, while kicking him in the shins. Kaia tried to pull Sata back away from
Pyr, but was too weak to move Sata very far. Kaia opened her mouth to scream
for help, but before she could make a sound, a historianHummingbird crashed
into the side of Pyr's face, sending him crashing to the floor.

Fera gave Pyr one more kick before pulling the other two girls through the
semicircle of stunned boys. After Sata recovered, she was dazed and confused,
but she understood that they needed to run. Kaia's feet could barely keep from
dragging on the ground while the two taller girls carried her down the hallway.

"Let's head to the theater," Fera said. "It's dark inside and there are plenty
of places to hide."

Once inside the theater, the girls got up on the stage and hid behind the
curtains, trying to catch their breath. They were all tired, but still very
much on-edge. They all jumped when they noticed a set of four glowing eyes, in
the same configuration as the eyes of a brown recluse spider, staring at the
them. From the darkness, a sweet voice rang out.

"Sorry to startle you. No one ever comes to visit us. Please wait one moment
while we turn on the lights. You might want to cover your eyes until they
adjust," said the sweet voice.

When the lights came on, the girls saw a boy and girl, dressed in matching
black jumpsuits. The boy seemed very awkward and reserved, while the girl
carried herself with confidence. They both had dark hair and were roughly the
same height. It was clear that they were twins.

"Welcome to the theater!" the girl proclaimed with a flourish.

"What the hell are you?" Fera asked sharply.

"Apologies, I am not sure what you mean," the girl replied.

"Your eyes were glowing in the dark," Sata explained.

"And you looked like a spider," Kaia added.

"I can assure you that we are not spiders," the girl replied.

"Why do your eyes glow in the dark?" Fera persisted.

"I think you were seeing things. Sometimes when people are afraid of the dark,
their minds play tricks on them.", the girl replied.

"Cut the crap. We all saw it." Fera said advancing menacingly towards the girl.
"You're Lunkers, aren't you? If you try to lie to us-"

"You mustn't tell anyone anything!" the girl exclaimed.

"It makes sense that Lunkers would want to work in a dark theater. It must
remind you of home," Sata offered.

"Explain the spider eyes," Fera said letting go of Kaia and holding up two
fingers on each hand next to her eyes.

After realizing what Fera meant, the boy and girl put their arms around each
other and tilted their heads together.

"We walk together like this because it enhances our night vision," the girl
explained.

"You two look really cute together," Sata said smiling at them warmly.

"Ha, I think the night vision enhancement isn't the only reason they can't keep
their hands off of each other," Fera said laughing.

The boy and the girl separated, looking very embarrassed.

"We are brother and sister!" the boy blurted out.

Fera did not relent. "Oh, you two are naughty! Is incest normal for Lunkers?"

"Stop it, Fera," Kaia said, kicking her weakly.

"What are your names?" Sata asked, trying to smooth things over.

"My name is Arla," said the girl.

"I am Ren," said the boy.

"I'm Sata, this is Kaia, and next to her is Fera. Nice to meet you both. I'd
shake your hands, but my hands are full," Sata said and opened her mouth to
deliver the punchline.

"Don't say it," Fera warned.

"Do you want me to lend you a shirt from the theater?" Arla said to Sata. Sata
nodded emphatically.

Arla smiled at Sata warmly. "Come with me to dressing room so you can try a few
things on."

Sata looked at Kaia with concern. "Kaia is hurt, do you have a place she can
rest?"

"Yeah, I would love to not have to lug this loser around anymore," Fera added.

"Yes, there is, but you mustn't tell anyone anything," Arla said.

"We get the idea," Fera said flatly, "We're not going to tell anyone anything."

Arla seemed relieved. "Ok, Ren and I built a secret bed so we could sleep in
the theater during breaks from work."

During the awkward silence that ensued, Kaia saw Sata was tempted to make a
joke but held back. Unlike Sata, Fera could not resist.

"You have a secret bed? That you built yourselves? So you could sleep together?
Is that a normal thing for Lunkers?" Fera asked smiling mischievously.

Ren was so embarrassed, he started to stammer. Fera did not relent. "How long
have you been sleeping together? Is the sleep still good? Are you doing
anything to spice it up? Trying out a new pillow, maybe?"

Kaia was furious. "They're trying to help us and you keep bullying them!"

Arla tried to diffuse the situation. "We saw the recording of the ceremony
today. We think you are all very brave. We went through the rite two years
ago. It was horrible."

Ren approached Fera shyly. "I thought the gigaphone you built was great. I like
making things too,"

Arla came up with a plan. "Ren, you can tell Fera and Kaia about your tinkering
on the way to the secret bed, and I'll take Sata to the dressing room."

Fera waited until Sata and Arla were out of earshot. "Have you built anything
special recently? Maybe a device to help your sister sleep? Something to knock
her out so you can knock her up!"

"Stop it!" Kaia yelled.

Fera continued to mock Ren brutally. "When you sleep together, does she snore
really loud? Do you have to cover her mouth to keep the whole school from
hearing?"

"That's enough!" Kaia screamed pushing Fera away. Not having the strength to
stand on her own, Kaia fell to her knees. Fera was not done yet. "Kaia, are you
sure you even want to lay down in the secret bed? It must be covered with sleep
stains!"

Kaia began to cry, feeling powerless to stop Fera.

"When's the last time you cleaned the sheets? Wait, have you ever cleaned the
sheets? I bet we can find it just by the smell!" Fera said, pinching her nose
with a look of disgust on her face.

Ren helped Kaia to her feet and started walking with her in the direction of
the secret bed.

Fera continued after them, not letting up even a bit. "Have you ever been this
close to a girl that wasn't your sister? Be careful, Ren, your sister might get
jealous! She's used to having you all to herself, she might not like sharing
you with Kaia." Fera continued to taunt Ren all the way to secret bed. Sata and
Arla were already there waiting for them.

"What took you so long? I was worried," Sata said. Kaia didn't respond, she
just looked angrily at Fera. Sensing the tension, Sata tried to change the
subject. "How do I look?", Sata asked. Sata twirl and struck a pose. She was
wearing a long flowing shirt covered by an elegant bodice. The sight of Sata
took Kaia's breath away.

"Like a guardGorilla in a milk maid outfit," Fera answered.

"What is it with you?" Kaia screamed lunging at Fera. Fera stepped away
effortlessly. Kaia stumbled and fell, landing on her hands and knees.

"Looks like I hit a nerve! I've been making fun of Ren for ages without much of
a response. Then, I say one harmless thing about Sata and Kaia flips out. Sorry
Ren, looks like Kaia only cares about Sata, I guess you are stuck with your
sister for now."

Kaia could not hear Fera anymore over the howling wind tearing through the
theater. Sifting through the dust on the floor with her fingers, Kaia pulled
out assorted fragments of bone and shook them in her hand like dice. Through
the dust swirling around Kaia, she saw the metallic glint of the taserTutor.
The metallic tendrils extending from taserTutor were coiled around her arms up
to the shoulder. The ceremony was still ongoing. The taserTutor began to pulse
red. Kaia's heart sunk. Had she imagined everything? Fera, the Principal, Pyr,
Ren, Arla? Lightning shot out of the surrounding storm and coursed through
Kaia's body. Kaia screamed and writhed on the ground, but then got up with a
renewed sense of purpose.

Did she have a chance to change the future? If she answered the remaining
questions, could she turn everything around? Kaia knew what she had to do. She
would continue through the initiation rite, deny any political motivations,
blame everything on her mental illness, and do anything else necessary to
keep Sata safe, even if it meant that Fera would go to prison for years. Kaia
began to feverishly work on the problem displayed on the console.

She nearly finished with the task when the tendrils started restricting her
movements and moving up past her shoulder. The tendrils wrapped her neck and
around her head. She braced her legs against the taserTutor and pushed as hard
as she could, trying to break free of the tendrils. New tendrils extended out
of taserTutor wrapping around her legs. Before long, Kaia was encased head to
toe in tendrils. The tendrils constricted, wringing all of the moisture out
of her body. When the final drop of blood disappeared in the swirling dust
below, Kaia had been squeezed dry and her mummification was complete.

Roving the desolate wasteland of Mars, Kaia was a vengeful spirit in search of
her next victim. She hunted the new invaders, the ones who desecrated the
remains of her people in search of riches. When the invaders began to arrive
with greater frequency, she raised an army of the dead to repel them. Sitting
victorious atop her throne, she waited for the next opportunity to fertilize
the barren soil of Mars with the blood of her enemies. This is was Kaia's fate.
This is how she would remain forever. In a perpetual cycle of death and
waiting, Kaia would protect the memory of her lost civilization from each new
crop of fools who sought to strike gold on the red planet.

Disturbed by an unfamiliar sensation on her forehead, the Dust Queen let out
her anger in a roar that shook the ground. After probing her face with an
tendril-covered hand, was stunned to see that her fingers were moist. Without
even a drop of blood in her for eons, the Dust Queen was dessicated to the
core. Where had the moisture come from? Tiny drops of water were falling down
on the Dust Queen's face wherever she went. How could there be rain on Mars?
She looked up and saw the constellations rearranging into a face that filled
the heavens. The Dust Queen recognized the face in the stars. It was Sata. The
raindrops were coming from her eyes.

"Come back to me, please," the sky whispered. It was no use. There was nothing
left of Kaia. The Dust Queen was not going to spring back to life from a few
drops of water! The sky sighed and began to squeeze the horizons until the land
where the Dust Queen stood disappeared completely and the Dust Queen was left
floating in the void. The constellations warped and stretched until they
gathered into a single brilliant ball of light. The ball of light grew arms,
legs, and a head, taking the form of Sata. Sata reached her hand out to the
Dust Queen and the tendrils began to break apart, revealing the dried out
cadaver underneath.

"Kaia," Sata said. "Yes," the Dust Queen thought, "that was once my name. In
a past life? Or a future one?"

The light began to burn away her parched skin and brittle bones. Beneath it
all, a dim flicker of light began to shine. Could it still be revived? Sata
cupped her hands around the flicker and blew into it gently. Each time Sata
blew into her hands, the flicker grew stronger, eventually growing into a
flame. As Sata drew in breath, Kaia reached out from inside the flame and
gently touched the sides of Sata's face. When Sata leaned in to blow on the
flame again, Kaia pulled her in and kissed her on the lips, sucking her
life-giving breath deep into her lungs.

Kaia's body convulsed on the hard concrete floor of the theater. She was
hyperventilating, in a panic. Sata lifted Kaia's head up off the ground and
cradled it in her arms. She smoothed Kaia's hair with one hand and supported
Kaia's neck with the other. Soon the convulsions were replaced by shivers and
Kaia's eyes began to focus on Sata's face. Kaia saw Sata's face become blank as a
seizure took her. Still trembling, Kaia looked up at Sata, studying her face
intently, waiting for Sata to come back. When Sata returned and saw Kaia
looking up at her, tears sprung anew from Sata's eyes and bathed Kaia's face.

"Is she alive?", Fera asked impatiently.

"Yes, no thanks to you," Sata replied sharply.

"Let's get her into bed," Arla said.

Kaia was underwater in a sea of tears, looking up at Sata in the stars above.
An eight-eyed octopus obscured the view of the sky and Kaia tried to shoo it
away, but it extended four pairs of tentacles towards Kaia and carried her with
to onto a tuft of seaweed. Kaia suddenly felt very grateful to the octopus. She
gazed deeply into as many of its eyes as could. Reaching out her hands, she
began to caress its tentacles. The tentacles began to reciprocate. Kaia was
blissfully exchanging caresses with the octopus when she had a startling
thought. "If I'm underwater, how is it that I'm breathing?" Kaia shot up,
throwing the tentacles off of her, and gasping for air.

"It's OK, Kaia," Sata said reassuringly. "You're safe now."

Sata laid down next to Kaia in the bed, cradling Kaia in her arms. Kaia buried
her face in Sata's shirt just above the bodice. The smell of the starchy shirt
mixing with Sata's scent was heavenly. Soon Kaia stopped trembling and her body
relaxed. Kaia lifted her face up to look at Sata. Sata was so radiant and
beautiful that Kaia began to cry.

Sata leaned in and kissed Kaia's cheeks, catching the fresh tears with her
lips. Kaia fell asleep with a smile on her face as Sata slowly showered her
with kisses. The blissful look on Kaia's face warmed Sata's heart. They were
together. They were safe, at least for now. The world melted away. Sata did not
realize how exhausted she was until now. With one arm still around Kaia, Sata
tugged futilely at the bindings of her bodice.

"Let me help you," Arla said as she deftly undid the bindings of the bodice
and pulled it out from under Sata. This kind gesture surprised Sata so much
that she began to cry. Through the tears, Sata looked at Arla with gratitude.

"Don't cry," Arla said, unfastening and removing Sata's heels and then pulling
up the blankets to cover Kaia and Sata, "You're safe here and I'll stay and
watch over you."

Unable to recall anyone other than Kaia being kind to her, Sata let out a sob.
Afraid she had said something wrong, Arla stepped backwards. "I'm going to turn
off the lights."

As the theater descended into darkness, Sata snuggled up to Kaia, greedily
interlacing their legs and pulling Kaia closer with her arms. Recalling how
Kaia often breathed in deep when they hugged, Sata rested her nose on top of
Kaia's head and filled her lungs with the scent of Kaia's hair. The darkness
around Sata exploded with a kaleidoscope of shimmering colors. With another
breath, Sata began to float in between the colors as they gently twinkled
around her. By the third breath, Sata was in another plane of existence
entirely, slowly drifting off to sleep in the arms of her lifelong best friend.
