## Chapter 2: A productive first day

"Why am I like this?", Fera thought as she covered her mouth so no one would
hear her crying. She had been drifting in and out of sleep on the hard concrete
floor of the theater, but she could not stop thinking of Kaia writhing on the
ground during her psychotic episode.

The screams were bad, but the low dull wailing that followed was somehow worse.
It was as if Kaia had a demon inside her trying to claw its way out. Sata held
onto Kaia the whole time, having seizures one after another. During the
seizures, Sata's eyes stayed open, the look of concern on her face would melt
away, and she would stare off into void. When Kaia stopped breathing, Sata
responded immediately by giving her CPR. Did Sata already know what to do,
because she had been in this situation before? Fera felt absolutely powerless.
She had never known anyone like Sata and Kaia. Was she responsible for what
happened?

"It's not my fault that they're like that," Fera thought to herself, getting
up off the ground and looking at Kaia and Sata lying peacefully in the secret
bed. Fera wanted to lay down in the secret bed next to them, it looked really
nice, but she was wracked by feelings of guilt and did not feel she deserved to
be comfortable.

"I don't need sleep. Beds are for the weak. The only thing that matters is the
revolution," Fera thought as she got up and started trying to find her way out
of the theater in complete darkness. With each step, she probed the ground
beneath her. She hadn't gotten very far when she noticed two glowing eyes
observing her in the darkness.

"You know you're creepy as hell," Fera said.

"Yes, I am aware of that. I am still learning how to interact with topsiders.
My sister is much better. She is a people person," Ryn answered.

"Well, then bring her here. I'd rather talk to her."

"She is watching over Sata and Kaia. If they wake up in the darkness-"

"Shut up, turn on a flashlight, and show me the way out of here."

Ryn complied immediately. "Would you like to see the maker workshop?"

"Is he still trying to be friends with me?" Fera thought. "What a loser!".

Not having other plans, Fera nodded. The maker workshop would be a welcome
distraction from the feelings she was trying to ignore.

Arriving at the maker workshop, Fera was dumbstruck at how technologically
advanced and well stocked it was.

"I was not expecting this place to be halfway decent. Everything else in the
crappy school is absolutely worthless."

"Ben and Edl's family finances the maker workshop but do not provide funding for
any other part of the school."

"Who are Ben and Edl?"

"They are my friends. Ben is really smart. Edl is really big and strong."

Fera laughed. "And they have money to burn on all of this?"

"Their parents are high ranking members of the CorporateCouncil."

"If they're so rich, why do they go to a run-down public school?"

"I do not know," Ryn said walking up to a console and calling Ben and Edl. "You
can ask them yourself."

It was not long before a thin boy wearing powerskates and powergloves zipped
into the maker shop with another boy nearly as large as a guardGorilla running
in after him. Coming to sliding stop in front of Fera and Ryn, the boy in power
skates gestured around the maker workshop and said, "Welcome to the maker
shop!"

Turning one begloved hand towards himself, "I'm Ben," and the other begloved
hand to boy behind him, "and this is my little brother Edl,", then bowing deeply
"and we are both deeply honored to be at your service."

"This is Fera," Ryn said. "She likes making things too!"

"The gigaphone you built was impressive, considering the limited resources you
had at your disposal," Edl said. "Just think of what you could build in the
maker workshop!"

"I can use all this stuff?", Fera asked.

"Yes, of course! Let me show you around," Ben replied.

"You can use any free workstation you like," Ben said sweeping his hand across
the workshop, then turning towards a console, "You can also reserve any
workstation for any period of time," holding up one finger on one hand, "but
you can only reserve one workstation at a time."

"The reservation schedule looks mostly empty. Actually, you and Ryn are the
only ones making reservations. Do people mostly use whatever workstation is
available?

Ben looked a little uncomfortable. "The workshop is criminally underutilized.
The school does not require anyone to use it and it seems that making things is
not everyone's cup of tea. Also, there is a harmful stereotype that makers are
socially awkward nerds, but nothing could be further from the truth. I welcome
social interaction! In fact, I hold biweekly maker interest group (MIG)
meetings that are open to everyone. Despite my best efforts in promoting the
MIG, attendance remains limited."

"If you come to the meetings, we can have... four people!" Edl said looking
around the workshop, then showing four fingers on one hand.

"Maybe more people would show up if you made the meetings secret and exclusive.
People like being part of inside groups."

Ben stopped for a moment and began to scribble notes on his palm with his
finger. "That's brilliant!" Looking up from his palm, "Would you like to be the
first member of our newly formed secret maker interest group?"

"Sure," Fera replied casually.

"Excellent!" Ben responded opening a large cabinet. "I just gave you full
access to the workshop. You can use any of the tools as long as you follow the
workshop rules."

"What are the rules?"

Ben brought up an image on the wall that said,
MACHINE WORKSHOP RULES
1. Do not intentionally kill, maim, or otherwise injury any sentient, living creature.

"Is there just one rule?"

"Yes, at least until we can agree on additional rules to add."

"What about stealing?"

"Every item has a tracker and everything in the entire school is recorded, so I
don't think that will be necessary. If a MIG member steals anything, we will
know and can revoke their access immediately."

"What about destruction of property?"

"Property can be replaced. Sometimes property gets destroyed during testing of
new inventions. I do not think protection of property should be a priority.
Again, if a MIG member acts maliciously, we can always revoke their access."

"What about school rules?"

"The MIG has full autonomy from the school. We are entirely self-governing."

"Sounds like you can do whatever you want."

"Well, yes, within reason. As the MIG Founder and President, I rarely exercise
my executive powers. We put most decisions to vote."

Fera took a moment to savor the idea of being able to do whatever she wanted.
Fera noticed a container labeled Ben's Builder Bots.

"You're building builder bots?"

"Yes, though I prefer to call it metabuilding.", Ben said pulling out the
container to show Fera.

Fera studied the contents of the container.
"Can the builder bots build builder bots?" Fera asked.

Ben opened his mouth to answer, but then started to scribble furiously on his
palm while muttering to himself. "Builder bot building builder bots...
Self-replication... Metametabuilding... Why build when I can metabuild? Why
metabuild when I can metametabuild? Brilliant!"

Then looking up, "Would you like to be Vice President of the MIG?".

"You don't already have a Vice President?". Fera asked looking at Ryn and Edl.

"Edl and Ryn said they are happy being Treasurer and Recordkeeper, respectively."

"I look at the money go in and out.", Edl said proudly.

"Look?"

"MIG financial management is completely automated and budget is practically
unlimited."

"What would I do as Vice President?"

"You would represent the MIG, and if the President is indisposed, you would
exercise your executive powers."

"How would I exercise my executive powers?"

"Let's not get ahead of ourselves. First, we would have to vote you in a vice
president. Do you want to run? Even though you'll be running unopposed, we
still have to vote."

"Ok, sure," Fera said, trying her best to sound indifferent.

"Excellent, with all current members present, we have quorum. All those in
favor of Fera becoming Vice President of the MIG?"

Ryn, Edl, and Ben all raised their hands, said "Aye!", and then all looked at
Fera.

When Fera realized that they were waiting for her, she raised her hand and said,
"Aye."

"Alright, all opposed?" Ben asked, waiting for a few moments for anyone to
object. Fera opened her mouth to say something, but decided against it.

"The vote is unanimous. Congratulations! We will hold elections at the end of
the school year. If you like you can run for President."

"You don't want to be President anymore?"

"I am a senior this year, so I need to start preparing the next generation of
MIG leadership."

"If you run for President next year, I will vote for you," Ryn said.

"You have my vote too," Edl added.

"Yes, I plan to vote for you as well. As the current Vice President and very
likely future President of the MIG, you should learn about our executive
powers. If something were to happen to me, you have to be ready to step in and
take over. Without the guardianship of the MIG, the school would quickly
descend into chaos.", Ben said, walking over to a synthesizer and entering a
complex series of key presses and then laying his hands down on the screen.

"Take off your shoes, take a seat, and put your hands and feet into the scanner
please."

"What? Why?"

I am going to make you a pair of presidentialPowergloves and a pair of
presidentialPowerskates, like the ones I have, but I need have the exact scans
of your hands and feet."

Fera sat down in front of the synthesizer and slid her hands and into the
scanner.

"You do know how to skate, right?", Ben said suddenly, realizing he should have
asked earlier.

Fera nodded. Skating was Fera's refuge. She learn to build things by fixing and
upgrading her skates. All throughout middle school, she would skate everyday
until late in the night, skipping dinner and only coming home to avoid sleeping
on the street. The only time she felt safe at home, was when her father was
asleep. She would sneak in after her parents were asleep and quietly crawl into
bed. Sometimes her father would wake up angry. Most of time, that anger would
spill over onto her mother, but sometimes her father would wake Fera up to yell
at her and hit her. There were a few times when he did not even wake Fera up
and just started hitting her while she was still sleeping in bed. If anyone
asked about the bruises that covered her body, Fera would say that fell down
while skating. The truth was that skating was much safer than being at home.

"While the synthesizer is making your gloves and skates, I can show you how
they work.", Ben said, then he noticed that Fera had not moved since she sat
down. "Fera, the scanner is done. You can pull your hands and feet out now."

Fera engrossed in her thoughts, snapped out of it, retrieved her hands and feet
from the scanner and turned her attention to Ben.

"The skates provide a top-level security clearance, so you can go anywhere in
the school and the AnimalAutomatons will not try to stop you. To speed up,
press your big toe down, to slow down lift your big toe, but be careful if you
lift it to high, you will start going backwards. To turn very quickly, lower
one big toe and raise the other. To activate magnetism, curl all of your toes.
Magnetism is most useful for tight turns, but you can also skate on any wall
that has a high metal content, which is most of the walls in the school. Do you
have any questions?"

Fera shook her head.

"The skates are really intuitive. I am sure you will get the hang of them
quickly. The gloves are a bit more complex. First of all, the gloves can open
any door and activate any console in the school, you just have to place a hand
on it. You can also control any AnimalAutomaton in the school. To provide a
command, speak clearly and use gestures. The gloves also accept commands in
sign language, but you can do almost everything with verbal commands."

"I know sign language.", Fera said.

Ben looked shocked.

"My mother was deaf for a long time before she got the implant. She taught me
sign language, because she said that I couldn't really know her without
learning her native language.", Fera explained.

In the mornings, while her father was still asleep, Fera and her mother spoke
in complete silence using sign language. Fera would have her bag packed, hours
before she needed to leave for school. If she heard her father waking up, Fera
would grab her bag and run out the door. The mornings when her father would
sleep in were the best, Fera would sign with her mother for as long as she
could. Her mother would tell her stories while Fera wolfed down food after
skipping dinner the day before. When her mother's stories would make Fera
laugh, Fera had to cover her mouth so that her laughter would not wake her
father.

"Fera, are you listening?"

Even though her mother took the brunt of the abuse, Fera was secretly jealous
of her mother. When her father would start yelling, her mother could deactivate
her implant and pretend she was still listening. Fera wished she could turn off
her hearing or at least turn off her memory. Fera would cover her ears, but she
couldn't close her ears the way she could close her eyes. Instead, she had to
absorb all of the yelling, often for many hours. Every horrible thing her
father said remained burned in her memory.

"Yes, sorry, you were saying."

"The gloves have a range of a few hundred meters and if you ever find yourself
further away than that, you should be able to close the distance quickly with
the skates. Each glove can also deliver a non-lethal electric shock, but the
shock requires direct contact and should only be used in emergencies, because
the shock drains the glove fuel cells. After delivering a shock, the gloves are
useless until they are recharged. The electric shocks are only for an
emergency, do you understand?"

When Fera first got her period, her mother showed her a hidden bag filled with
supplies and explained the emergency plan. If Fera's father ever tried to take
off Fera's clothes or took his clothes off in front of her, Fera was supposed to
yell as loud as she could, then while her mother distracted her father, Fera
was supposed to grab the hidden bag, run out the door, and never come back.

Ben could tell that Fera's thoughts were elsewhere. "Fera, maybe you want to
sit down and take a break?"

"No, I don't need a break." Fera saw that the synthesizer had finished.
"I'm ready to try out the gloves and skates."

"Ok, but let me know if need to rest for a bit."

"I'm fine.", Fera said sharply. She opened the lid of the synthesizer and put
on the skates and the gloves.

"Now, you'll want to take it slow for a-", Ben started.

Fera hop onto the skates and whizzed up to a guardGorilla watching over the
maker workshop and started signing at him furiously. The guardGorilla hopped
onto its hands and started to dance upside-down. Fera called three ChaseChimps
over and made them cannonball one by one onto the feet of the guardGorilla.
Ben, Ryn, and Edl looked in on in shock as the guardGorilla started to juggle
the ChaseChimps with its feet. Fera turned towards a wall and with a few signs
had a swarm of buzzBees and wakeupWasps hovering in front of her. She had the
swarm form different shapes in the air and then sent all of the robotic bugs
back to their nests.

"Ok, I think I'm getting the hang of this.", Fera said stopping right in front
of the three stunned boys.

"It appears you have a natural affinity to the skates and gloves. I believe you
are ready to begin learning the Ancient martial art of droneDarting."

"droneDarting?!"

"Yes, that's what it's called until we can agree on a better name.", Ben said
unfurling a worn scroll with hand-drawn images and intricate hand-written text.
"This ancient scroll holds the long-forgotten secrets of the droneDarters of
the distant past."

Studying the scroll, Fera noticed something strange. "Ben, is that your name at the
bottom there?"

Ben looked embarrassed. "Yes, it is."

"Did you make droneDarting up?"

"Well, it is a real martial art, but yes, I did invent it."

"How is it ancient if you invented it?"

"Sorry, you're right. It just sounds better if a martial art is ancient. I was
thinking that no one is going to care about a martial art developed by a
teenager."

"You might be right. Let me see that scroll." Fera said starting to take the
scroll from Ben.

"Be careful with that, it's ancient!" Ben said sharply.

Fera looked at him sternly.

"You're right. It is not ancient. I burnt the edges and then poured tea all
over it." Ben said, surrendering the scroll to Fera.

Fera looked at the scroll intensely. "It's very convincing. If it weren't for
the signature, I might not have figured it out right away. The idea is to send
flying animalAutomatons into your opponents?" Fera asked.

"Yes, any animalAutomatons can be used, but birds have the right combination of
speed and mass."

"Did you make a bird hit Pyr in the head?"

"Who is Pyr?"

"A boy who was bullying me and two other girls."

"I've never used droneDarting against another student. Actually, I've never
used droneDarting against anyone. I've never even had a sparing partner, so
I've only done the kata."

Fera used her gloves to summon two historianHummingbirds. "En garde.", She
said, looking menacingly at Ben.

"To be honest, I don't think you are ready for sparing. We should start with
some kata. Here, I can-"

Fera sent her two birds flying at Ben's head from two different angles. Ben
pivoted to avoid the birds, lost control of his skates, and landed on the
ground. Fera had the birds land on Ben's chest.

"Do you yield?" she asked triumphantly.

"Yes, yes!" Ben said quickly. Fera helped him to his feet.

"Do you want to go again?" Fera asked innocently.

"No, no, I think that's enough for today."

"Hold on, these gloves are extremely powerful. Is there some kind of fail safe?
Some limit to their power?"

"A fail safe? That's an interesting idea. The gloves are tailored to their
specific wearer, so they could not be used by anyone else."

"If you wanted to turn off someone else's gloves, would you be able to?" Fera
asked.

"Yes, I would need to access a console to deactivate a
pair of gloves."

"Can you show me?" Fera asked sweetly.

"Of course!" Ben said, expertly gliding up to a console. "First, you need to
find the user. Then you can see all of their permissions. For example, you have
two pieces of linked equipment, the gloves and skates, workspace reservation
rights, and access to the entire maker workshop."

"Let me see." Fera said moving up to the console, "Do changes take effect right
away or do you have to confirm them?"

"They take effect immediately, so please be careful!"

"Did I do it right?"

"Yes, that's amazing. You deactivated my gloves and skates on the first try!"

"And if I pull up two users, I can transfer permissions between them?"

"Yes, that's correct. Just move the icons, just like that. I knew the interface
I designed was intuitive, but I never thought anyone would be able to figure it
out without any explanation. I guess my user interface design skills are better
than I suspected," Ben said proudly.

"Er, Fera, you seem be locking me out of the system. Could you please restore
my permissions? Also, I think we should discuss the permissions that you
enabled for yourself. This is still your first day in the MIG and as far as I
understand your first day in high school, so maybe we should take things one
step-"

"It's been a crazy first day so far," Fera said still tapping at the console.
"I made great new friends and found a place where I truly feel I belong. Thank
you for accepting me into your group and making me feel welcome. I couldn't
have asked for better friends," Fera said, turning to face the boys.

Ben grabbed his chest overcome with emotion, almost falling off of his
deactivated powerskates. Ryn and Edl both held onto each other for support,
wiping tears from their eyes. All three boys looked at Fera with admiration and
affection. They were caught completely off guard by swarm of buzzBees Fera sent
after them.

On her way out of the workshop, Fera commanded the chaseChimps and the
guardGorilla to keep the boys in the workshop. Fera sped down the hallway
towards the Principal's office, but she turned around when she heard a fierce
battle cry behind her. It was Edl, covered in buzzBees, sprinting toward her.

Fera started to command every animalAutomaton in the hallway to attack Edl. Edl
slowed down as the animalAutomatons began to pile on. Before going
around the corner, Fera saw Edl under a mountain of animalAutomatons, valiantly
trying to fight them all off.

Fera burst into the Principal's office and ordered the animalAutomatons
inside to stand down.

"Here's what's going to happen, you sack of-", Fera stopped when she saw that
the Principal was sleeping in his usual position, head tilted back and mouth
opened. Jumping on top of the desk, Fera kicked the Principal in his face until
he woke up. Placing one of her powerskates on his chest and lunging forward as
if she were stretching her psoas muscle, Fera leaned in and looked at the
Principal menacingly. "I want a full pardon for me and the other girls."

The Principal looked back and forth between Fera and the powerskate on his
chest. Then, the Principal opened his mouth to speak, but instead vomited all
over Fera's powerskate. Fera recoiled in disgust, then she instinctively kicked
the Principal in the face repeatedly, sending specks of vomit flying in all
directions. "Get the pardons! For me, Kaia, and Sata."

"I don't haf that aufority!"

"Then you better find someone who does or I'm going to powerskate all over face
while the guardGorillas hold you down."

"You're bluffing."

Fera signaled to the guardGorillas to take the Principal to ground. She jumped
down from the desk and lowered the vomit-covered powerskate towards the
Principal's face. When Fera activated the powerskate, it sprayed the Principal
with his own vomit. Whenever Fera touched the powerskate to the Principal's
face, her leg would fly forward as she were kicking an invisible foe.

"Shtop, Shtop, please. I'll requesht the pardonsh!"

"Oh, you're no fun.", Fera said as she commanded the guardGorillas to put the
Principal back in his chair. The Principal cleared his throat, wiped his face
with the sleeve of his blazer, and started entering the pardon requests as Fera
stood over him making sure he did not try any tricks. The pardon requests were
approved soon after the Principal submitted them. Fera commanded the
guardGorillas to hold the Principal by his arms before hopping off the desk to
read carefully through each one of the pardons.

"Great, but I'm not done yet. I'm going to replace the recordings of me and the
other girls with fakes that show us all doing really well in the initiation
ceremony."

"Let's see what else I can do. Fire alarm. Sprinklers. Deactivate all
animalAutomatons. Self-destruct?"

"No, not the shelf-deshtruct!"

Fera laughed as she started the school's self-destruct sequence. An automated
voice started to count down in reverse. Fera had the guardGorillas carry the
Principal out of the office. Fera nearly fell over over her way out of the
office. The powerskate covered in the Principal's vomit was not working at all.
When Fera looked out into the hallway, she was surprised to see that it was
completely dark.

"I thought we were friends..." Ryn said, hiding in the darkness. "But you are
not acting like a friend."

"What are you doing here, Ryn?"

"The things you said about my sister and me really hurt-"

"Shut up. I don't care. Just turn the lights back on."

Ryn drew in a big breathe. "I'm not going to help you until you apologize,
agree to be nicer to me, and turn off the self-destruct sequence."

"I'm not going to do any of that."

"Then fumble around in the darkness until the school explodes," Ryn said,
walking away.

"Wait!" Fera said. "If you don't help me, I'm going to tell everyone about your
secret bed."

Ryn remained silent in the darkness.

"I'll also make sure everyone knows you sleep with your sister.
I will tell everyone about your filthy, incestuous relationship."

"No, it's not true."

"I'll have bullies beat her sister into a pulp and make you watch!"

Ryn whimpered and started crying. The glow from his eyes illuminated the tears
rolling down his cheeks until they disappeared in the darkness. "You're so mean."

"Lunkers are weird."

"I think it is weird that topsiders say things that they know are not true or
say things to hurt each other on purpose."

"Do Lunkers always tell the truth and never insult each other?"

"If someone believes that telling lies can help others, then I can at least
understand the logic behind deception, even if I disagree, but I do not
understand the point of insults at all. I might say to another Lunker that I
dislike the sound of their voice, but that is irrelevant. If I said to another
Lunker that their eyes glow dimly in the darkness, it would be out of genuine
concern for their wellbeing, not an insult. I think living in the darkness
helps us to build compassion."

"If you don't know how to lie, you are going to believe every lie you hear. If
you don't know how to insult someone, you won't know know how to defend
yourself."

"Can you teach me to lie to others and insult them?", Ryn asked shyly.

Fera laughed. "I'll only teach you if join the revolution."

"The revolution?"

"We're going to overthrow the government!"

"The government is not nice to Lunkers. They search our cities for precious
minerals with blindingly bright lights. If they find anything, we have to move
our people to avoid the drilling machines."

"In the new world we are going to build, there will be justice for everyone,
even Lunkers."

"If I can help my people by joining your revolution, then I am happy to do so."

"I'm not sure what a wimp like you is going to be able to contribute, but maybe
you can at least be good cannon fodder."

"What is cannon fodder?"

"It's when expendable people are used to absorb enemy fire."

"I am starting to think you do not care much about others."

"And I'm starting to think you are stalling."

"That is because I am stalling."

"For what?"

"Ben and Edl are working on stopping the self-destruct command."

"You're not the only one with a plan. I had every large animalAutomaton, except
for these guardGorillas, gather by the walls and now I'm going to detonate all
of their fuel cells at once. You might want to cover your ears."

Fera had the guardGorillas protect Ryn, the Principal, and herself. After a
tremendous explosion, the hallway was bathed in light. When Fera's eyes
adjusted to the light, she saw that Ryn was already trying to escape down the
hallway. Fera charged forward on her sole working powerskate. She saw Ryn's
outline in the shadows, she kicked out the vomit-covered powerskate and was
surprised at how solidly it connected. Fera kicked Ryn until he stopped
moving.

She then grabbed his arm and started to drag him down the hallway, signalling
to the guardGorillas to do the same with the Principal. Fera was surprised when
Ryn continued to speak. "Ben read your profile after we recovered from the
buzzBee stings. Ben said that you have anger management issues, just like your
father."

"You dirty moleman! I'm nothing like my father!", Fera screamed and began to
kick Ryn with the broken powerskate again, but this time with a ferocity that
quickly left her out of breath. She stood in hallway, panting, looking down at
Ryn.

"Did you know that Lunkers do not consider the word 'moleman' to be an insult?
Moles are industrious expert diggers."

"I don't care!"

"The word 'Lunker' was actually considered a slur until the government made it
the official name for our people."

"Nobody cares about Lunkers, because you're all pushovers!"

"If we try to resist the government, they release poisonous gas into our
tunnels. The gas burns our skin, especially our eyes. If anyone breathes it in,
they die. The gas poisons our food and water. Even with filter masks, we-"

"You all deserve to be gassed, you filthy Lunker molemen!"

Ryn covered his face with his hands as he started sobbing violently. "They all
died.", he whimpered, shaking uncontrollably on the ground. "Aira and I were
the only ones who made it. The gas was clogging the filters and everyone was
suffocating. They gave us all their spare filters and helped us get out even
though they could not breathe. We left them behind to save ourselves. I still
see their melted faces whenever I close my eyes."

Fera stood over Ryn with tears in her eyes. She was angry at Ryn for being so
weak and angry at herself for crying and wasting time on such a weakling. "If
Lunkers are so easy to kill, maybe they deserve it," Fera thought. Fera wiped
her face and gave Ryn another kick. "Stop crying and get up! We need to get out
of here before the school blows up."

When Ryn kept crying, Fera was furious. She kicked him repeatedly until she was
gasping for breath from the exertion. Ryn was not making any sound whatsoever.
Fera dropped to her hands and knees, listening for breathing or any signs of
life.

"Are you concerned for my wellbeing?", Ryn asked, scaring Fera.

"No!", Fera replied, punching Ryn in the face with a begloved hand. Fera looked
at Ryn. His face was swollen and covered with bruises. Was he not defending
himself at all from her kicks? What a wimp! "Get moving. We can't waste anymore
time. What are you waiting for? Why are you wasting time just laying there?"

"Please wait a moment," Ryn said with eyes closed.

"What the hell are you doing? Snap out of it," Fera said grabbing his
shoulders and shaking him.

"I'm creating a diversion."

"How? By growing roots? By making food from the sunlight like a plant?"

"How did you know I can grow roots and photosynthesize?", Ryn asked opening his
eyes wide in shock. When Ryn realized that Fera did not know about his
plant-like abilities until he gave it away, he got flustered. "You mustn't tell
anyone anything!", Ryn exclaimed.

Fera stood up and then immediately crouched down again. The hallway suddenly
filled the sound and movement as thick mass of birds flew in through the holes
in the walls. Ryn pulled Fera down and shielded her from the birds with his
body. Fera signalled to every nearby robotic bird, bat, and bee to fight the
avian invaders. "Did you do this?", Fera asked over the sound of the birds
clashing with the animalAutomatons.

Ryn nodded. "I am sorry, Fera, but my diversion worked. I think you are really
amazing, but I cannot allow you to blow up the school," Ryn said as he floated
away from Fera. Ben and Edl were standing over Fera. Edl was holding Ryn in his
arms, while Ben was holding a stunStaff in each hand. "Greetings Fera. Could
you please deactivate the school self-destruct system?"

"No," Fera said defiantly, calling the guardGorillas to attack Ben and Edl. Nothing happened.

"I disabled the guardGorillas while you was distracted by the birds. If you
continue to refuse, I'm afraid that I will have to shock you," Ben said. Ben
brought the stunStaffs together, they crackled with electricity.

"You can take those stunStaffs and shove them up your-" Fera was interrupted by
the shock.

"I really hate to have to insist, but I am still locked out of the system. Are
you open to deactivating the school self-destruct system now?"

"No, but maybe one more shock will do the trick," Fera said with a devilish
smile. Ben sighed and brought one of the stunStaffs in for another shock. This time,
Fera grabbed the stunStaff and pulled Ben in. With her other hand, Fera grabbed
Ben's wrist and shocked him with her powerglove. Ben crumpled to the floor. Edl
set Ryn down on the ground and picked up Ben, cradling him in his arms. Edl
looked at Fera with tears in his eyes and then ran down the hallway, carrying
Ben to safety.

An automated voice reminded them that they should evacuate the building. Fera
saw that Ryn had fallen to his knees and started to cry. The hallway was filled
with rubble, destroyed animalAutomatons, and dead birds. Fera went up to Ryn
and gave him a kick. "What are you doing? We have to get out of here."

"They're dead. You killed them."

"I didn't kill anyone. Everyone started evacuating as soon as I turned on the
self-destruct sequence."

Ryn gingerly picked up a dead bird and hugged it to his chest as he cried.

"You mean the birds?!" Fera screamed, suddenly feeling full of rage. She
started kicking Ryn as hard as she could. Fera kept kicking even after Ryn fell
over. When one leg got tired, Fera switched to the other leg. After her rage
dissipated, Fera remembered the impending destruction of the school.

"Come on," Fera yelled at the Principal as she took Ryn's arm and activated her
the one powerskate that was still working. The Principal could not keep up.
"Lay down next to Ryn!" Fera barked at the Principal, who dropped to ground in
an instant. Fera grabbed the Principal and Ryn by the hand, then started to
pull them down the hallway, meandering around rubble while balancing on her
only working powerskate. Whenever Fera used the non-functioning powerskate to
make a tight turn, she could feel the vomit squish inside.

Once they were outside, Fera saw that the evacuation team had already cleared
the area around the school. Fera pulled up to a microtransit vending machine with the Principal and Ryn in tow. Fera whipped the Principal toward the vending machine. "Unlock it!"

"What are-"

"If you don't, we're all going to die."

The Principal placed his palms on the machine and leaned in for the
scan. Fera made a selection using the accompanying display, and a black
motocycle with a sidecar rolled up a ramp next to them. Fera zoomed up to the
motorcycle.

"Wait, don't leaf me!" The Principal yelled reaching for Fera.

"What do you think the sidecar is for?", Fera answered as she started the
motorcycle.

Fera spun the motorcycle around and pulled up next to the Principal. The
Principal lifted Ryn onto the motorcycle in front of Fera and then climbed into
the sidecar. Racing down the empty street, Fera tried to remember how much time
was left before she left the school. She sped towards the nearest location
where airships were lifting off.

Fera drove right under an airship as it was talking off. The airship kept
rising up into the air. Fera stopped the motorcycle and started waving her
hands in the air. They must have seen her. Why were they still moving upwards?

Fera looked to the Principal for answers. The Principal retrieved a small case
from the pocket of his blazer, pulled out all of the buzzBees in the case, and
placed them inside of his shirt.

"How big is blast zone?" Fera yelled at the Principal.

"To the treesh!" the Principal yelled back.

"What?"

"We haf to get to the treesh," the Principal replied, pointing off into the
distance.

Fera did not know where the Principal was pointing, she had never seen trees in
the city. She knew that she did not have enough time to make it out of the
city, but she decided to enjoy the motorcycle while she could. As Fera
accelerated down the street, she thought about what had happened that day. Fera
had pushed back against the system and won. Even if she had only succeeded in
smashing just a single cog in the machine of oppression, it was worth it.
Reflecting on her life, Fera realized that for the first time, she had felt
truly powerful. She was always powerless to stop her father from beating her
when he got angry. Even worse, she could not do anything to protect her mother.
Being in control, even if it was part of one day, was worth any cost.

Even if she knew that she was going to die, she would not have changed much
about today. She wished she could say goodbye to her mother and hug her one
last time. She also would have liked to be able to apologize to Kaia and Sata.
Maybe if things were different, they could've been friends? Fera's eyes filled
with tears. Fera thought about Ben, Edl, and the life she could have had
working in the maker workshop. Maybe she could have also helped Aira and Ryn in
the theater? Fera looked down at Ryn. He was not moving. Fera kept one hand on
the throttle and stroked Ryn's hair with the other. She began to cry harder.

"It's the wind in my eyes." Fera thought, "No way I'm crying over those
losers." Fera closed her eyes. It didn't matter now. She was free. She relaxed
her body and focused on her last few breaths. The blow from behind came sooner
than Fera expected. She thought she would hear the explosion first and maybe
have a chance to look back at the blast before it enveloped her. As she flew
through the air with her eyes closed, she stretched out her arms and imagined
she was a bird flying over the empty city towards an infinite sea of
green on the horizon.

Ben and Edl looked out at the empty city from the observation deck of one of
their family's airships. "I hope Fera and Ryn made it out OK," Edl said.

"I am sure she did. Fera is extremely cunning. I have never before met someone
who I might consider my intellectual equal," Ben said. "No offense, Edl."

"Is Fera still going to be part of our group?" Edl asked.

"As far as I can tell, she did not break any maker workshop rules. The city was
safely evacuated and reconstruction will begin as soon as the rubble cools. To
be frank, the MIG always felt incomplete when it was just you, me, and Ryn."

"I am glad that Fera can be still in our group," Edl said beaming.

"Me too." Ben said, patting Edl's massive shoulder.

"To be honest, we'll be lucky to have her. On her first day in high school,
Fera built a gigaphone from stolen parts, became MIG Vice President, mastered
droneDarting, defeated us in combat, and doomed the entire city. I've never
heard of anyone having such a productive day. The way she used the powergloves
and powersk-"

Ben snapped his fingers as he got an idea. "We can track Fera using the
powergloves and powerskates."

Moving to a console, Ben brought up Fera's location on a map. "She is still in
the city."

"Can we pick her up?" Edl asked.

"We wouldn't make it in time."

The two brothers looked out the windows at the chain of explosions snaking
through the city. The signal from Fera's powergloves and powerskates
disappeared inside the blast zone on the map. Edl's eyes filled with tears.

"Maybe she dropped them along the way?" Ben offered. His voice did not sound
convincing. The signal disappeared while it was still moving out of the city.
As the explosion spread and then faded, Ben began to cry nearly as loudly
as Edl. The brothers, both remembering Fera fondly, gazed out the window long
after the smoldering remains of the city disappeared behind the horizon.
