# Productive first day

_Why am I like this?_, Fera thought as she covered her mouth so no one would
hear her crying. She had been drifting in and out of sleep on the hard concrete
floor of the theater, but she could not stop thinking of Kaia writhing on the
ground during her psychotic episode.

The screams were bad, but the low dull wailing that followed was somehow worse.
It was as if Kaia had a demon inside her trying to claw its way out. Sata held
onto Kaia the whole time, having seizures one after another. During the
seizures, Sata's eyes stayed open, the look of concern on her face would melt
away, and she would stare off into void.

When Kaia stopped breathing, Sata responded immediately by giving her CPR. Did
Sata already know what to do, because she had been in this situation before?
Fera felt absolutely powerless. She had never met anyone like Sata and
Kaia. Was she responsible for what happened?

_It's not my fault that they're like that,_ Fera thought to herself, getting up
off the ground. Looking at Kaia and Sata lying peacefully in the secret bed,
Fera felt the urge to lay down in the secret bed next to them. The bed looked
really nice, but Fera was wracked by feelings of guilt and did not feel she
deserved to be comfortable.

_I don't need sleep. Beds are for the weak. The only thing that matters is the
revolution,_ Fera thought as she got up and started trying to find her way out
of the theater in complete darkness. With each step, she probed the ground
beneath her. She had not gotten very far when she noticed two glowing eyes
observing her in the darkness.

"Do you know you're creepy as hell?" Fera asked.

"Yes, I am aware of that. I am still learning how to interact with topsiders.
My sister is much better. She is a people person," Raf answered.

"Well, then bring her here. I'd rather talk to her."

"She is watching over Sata and Kaia. If they wake up in the darkness-"

"Shut up, turn on a flashlight, and show me the way out of here."

Raf complied immediately. "Would you like to see the maker workshop?"

_Is he still trying to be friends with me?_ Fera thought. _What a loser!_

Not having other plans, Fera nodded. The maker workshop would be a welcome
distraction from the feelings she was trying to ignore. Fera and Raf walked in
silence to the maker workshop. Raf gave Fera a tour. Fera was dumbstruck at how
technologically advanced and well stocked the maker workshop was.

"I wasn't expecting this place to be halfway decent. Everything else in the
crappy college is absolutely worthless."

"Ben and Edl's family finances the maker workshop but do not provide funding
for any other part of the college."

"Who are Ben and Edl?"

"They're my friends. Ben is really smart. Edl is really big and strong."

Fera laughed. "And they have money to burn on all of this?"

"Their parents are high ranking members of the CorporateCouncil."

"If they're so rich, why do they go to a run-down public college?"

"I don't know, but you can ask them yourself." Raf said walking up to a
workstation and activating its console. After tapping a few times at the
console, Raf stopped. "There's a message for you, Fera. It says all of the
consoles in the workshop will be blocked until you read it."

"How is that possible?" Fera asked.

"I'm not sure. Ben might know, but I can't call him while the consoles are
blocked," Raf answered.

"Can you give me a few minutes to read it in private?" Fera asked.

"Oh, of course. Just let me know when you are done," Raf said before pulling a
bin out of a nearby cabinet and going to tinker at a workstation on the other
side of the workshop.

Fera eyed the console suspiciously. The message had no metadata. No sender, no
subject, no date, no time. The console was locked and Fera was the only one who
could unlock it. The whole thing looked like a trap.

Fera unlocked the console and immediately deleted the message. A new message
appeared. Unlike the first message, the second message had a subject. The
subject read '12 tips for a successful revolution that actually work.' Fera
deleted the new message.

Soon enough, there was a third message. This time, the subject was 'The last
guide to overthrowing the government you'll ever need!' Fera was about to
delete the third message when she received yet another message. The fourth
message's subject read 'You won't believe what's in the printer to your left!'

Fera deleted both messages, but then looked over at the printer. She carefully
opened the printer compartment. There was a pair of eyeglasses
inside. Overwhelmed by curiosity, Fera inspected the glasses. Along the inside
of the frames, near the hinges, there were tiny openings for lasers which
displayed information that was only visible on the inside of the glasses. Some
text appeared that almost made Fera drop the glasses. The text read, 'Hello
Fera.'

Fera looked around. The workshop was empty except for Raf and he was busy
tinkering.

The words, 'Liberty, Equality, Sorority' appeared on the glasses. Someone was
clearly trying to appeal to her revolutionary sentiments.

Fera picked up the glasses and brought them over to the workstation where Raf
was tinkering.

"Move," Fera said shoving Raf to side. She unscrewed the hinges and cracked
open the temples.

"Did you make these?" Raf asked.

"Don't ask dumb questions," Fera snapped. The temples contained a laser array,
a microphone, and a bone conduction sound system. Not finding anything
nefarious, Fera put the glasses back together and put them on.

Fera heard a soft, feminine voice say, `Hello Fera. My name is Unoa.`

Looking around, Fera confirmed that she and Raf were the only people in the
workshop.

"Fera, did you finish reading the message? Should I call Ben and Edl now?" Raf
asked.

"You can call them using a console outside the workshop, right?" Fera
asked. "While you do that, I will finish up with the message."

Raf seemed puzzled, but left the workshop without asking any further questions.

Fera waited until Raf was gone before asking, "What the hell do you want?"

`I want to help you overthrow the government.`

"What's in it for you?"

`Just like you, I'm not happy with the status quo. I want to see things change
for the better.`

"Why the glasses? Why not talk to me in person?"

`We don't know if we can trust each other yet.`

"So how do you propose we build mutual trust?"

`First, let me prove that I can be useful. I can provide information and
neutralize threats, like the bully you encountered earlier today.`

"Did you make the bird hit that guy in the head?"

`Yes, I made it look like a temporary flight path glitch to avoid suspicion.`

"Cracking the skulls of people who bother me is a great way to gain my trust."

`I will protect you whenever necessary, but I would prefer to maintain a low
profile for now. Speaking of which, Raf is returning and it would be best if he
did not hear you speaking to me.`

Raf walked up to Fera and announced, "Ben and Edl are on the way."

"That's great, Raf," Fera said while scrolling through information about the
maker workshop on the console on the workstation where Raf had been
working. The glasses provided additional details on whatever Fera was reading.

"I see the consoles are unblocked. Did you find out anything about the
message?"

"What? Oh, the message was just a boring system-generated announcement sent by
the college," Fera lied.

`Good one,` Unoa said approvingly.

"OK, do you want to see what I was working on?" Raf asked.

Fera nodded without looking up for the console.

Raf prepared a demonstration. "It's a robot that builds birdhouses out of
gourds like this one." Raf removed a gourd from his bin and placed it on the
table next to his robot. "First, the robot drills a hole into the gourd. Next,
it hollows out the gourd and buries the seeds so more gourds can grow. Finally,
it hangs the gourd up on a tree." The robot finished drilling a hole in the
gourd and started scooping out the contents of the gourd onto the workstation.

Raf proudly observed the robot work. Not wanting burst his bubble, Fera
pretended to pay attention, but she could not imagine anything more boring that
a birdhouse building bot.

Unoa clearly agreed. `There's nothing even remotely interesting about this
robot. Initiating display of epic fail videos.`

Fera tried to keep a straight face while her glasses displayed recordings of
people falling down and/or getting hit by various objects. Luckily, Fera did
not have to feign interest for long. Ben zipped into the maker shop on
powerskates. Wearing a white lab coat over a vest, dress shirt, and tie, Ben
did not seem to fit the skater archetype. The lab coat flapped behind him like
a cape. His lab coat and dress shirt sleeves were rolled up past a pair of
metallic gloves that extended up to Ben's elbows.

Coming to sliding stop in front of Fera and Raf, Ben bowed deeply and said,
"Welcome to the maker shop! I'm Ben, and this is my little brother Edl."

Fera thought that Ben might have been joking when he referred to Edl as his
'little brother'. Edl was more than twice as tall as Ben, who would have been
shorter than Fera if not for the additional centimeters provided by his
powerskates. Moreover, Edl looked like he could wrestle a GuardGorilla and
win. He was wearing a BugBall jersey and shorts that seemed to be specially
designed to fit his large frame.

The glasses displayed information on Ben and Edl. `They may be useful for the
revolution, but be careful. History has repeatedly shown that wealthy people
typically prefer to preserve the status quo,` Unoa warned.

"This is Fera," Raf said. "She likes making things too!"

"The gigaphone you built was impressive, considering the limited resources you
had at your disposal," Ben said. "Just think of what you could build in the
maker workshop!"

"I can use all this stuff?" Fera asked.

"Yes, of course!" Ben said sweeping a begloved hand across the workshop, "You
can use any free workstation you like," then turning towards a console, "You
can also reserve any workstation for any period of time," then holding up one
finger on one hand, "But you can only reserve one workstation at a time."

Fera glanced at the console screen. "The reservation schedule looks mostly
empty. Actually, you and Raf are the only ones making reservations. Do people
mostly use whatever workstation is available?"

Ben looked a little uncomfortable. "The workshop is criminally
underutilized. The college does not require anyone to use it and it seems that
making things is not everyone's cup of tea. Also, there is a harmful stereotype
that makers are socially awkward nerds, but nothing could be further from the
truth. I welcome social interaction! In fact, I hold biweekly maker interest
group (MIG) meetings that are open to everyone. Neverthless, despite my best
efforts in promoting the MIG, attendance remains limited."

"If you come to the meetings, we can have..." Edl looked around the workshop to
confirm that his calculations were correct. "Four people!"

"Maybe more people would show up if you made the meetings secret and
exclusive," Fera suggested. "People like being part of inside groups."

Ben began to scribble notes on his palm with his finger. "That's brilliant!"
Looking up from his palm, "Would you like to be the first member of our newly
formed secret maker interest group?"

"Sure," Fera replied casually.

"Excellent!" Ben responded and then opened a large cabinet. "You can use any of
the tools as long as you follow the workshop rules."

"What are the rules?"

Ben brought up an image on the wall that said,
'MACHINE WORKSHOP RULES'
1. Do not intentionally kill, maim, or otherwise injury any sentient, living creature.

"Is there only one rule?"

"Yes, at least until we can agree on additional rules to add."

"What about stealing?"

"Every item in the workshop has a tracker and everything in the entire college
is recorded, so I don't think a rule against stealing will be necessary. If a
MIG member steals anything, we will know and can revoke their access
immediately."

"What about destruction of property?"

"Property can be replaced. Sometimes property gets destroyed during testing of
new inventions. I do not think protection of property should be a priority.
Again, if a MIG member acts maliciously, we can always revoke their access."

"What about college rules?"

"The MIG has full autonomy from the college. We are entirely self-governing."

"Sounds like you can do whatever you want."

"Well, yes, within reason. As the MIG Founder and President, I rarely exercise
my executive powers. We put most decisions to vote."

Fera took a moment to savor the idea of being able to do whatever she wanted.
Fera noticed a container labeled Ben's Builder Bots.

"You're building builder bots?"

"Yes, though I prefer to call it metabuilding," Ben said pulling out the
container to show Fera.

Fera studied the contents of the container. "Can the builder bots build builder
bots?"

Ben opened his mouth to answer, but then started to scribble furiously on his
palm while muttering to himself. "Builder bot building builder bots...
Self-replication... Metametabuilding... Why build when I can metabuild? Why
metabuild when I can metametabuild? Brilliant!"

Then looking up, Ben asked, "Would you like to be Vice President of the MIG?"

"You don't already have a Vice President?" Fera asked looking at Raf and Edl.

"Edl and Raf said they are happy being Treasurer and Recordkeeper, respectively."

"I look at the money go out," Edl said proudly.

Fera furrowed her brow.

"MIG financial management is completely automated and budget is practically
unlimited," Ben explained.

"What would I do as Vice President?"

"You would represent the MIG, and if the President is indisposed, you would
exercise your executive powers," Ben said solemnly.

"How would I exercise my executive powers?"

"Let's not get ahead of ourselves. First, we would have to vote you in a vice
president. Do you want to run? Even though you'll be running unopposed, we
still have to vote."

"Ok, sure," Fera said, trying her best to sound indifferent. Raf walked up to
console to enter a summary of the vote.

"Excellent, with all current members present, we have quorum. All those in
favor of Fera becoming Vice President of the MIG?"

Raf, Edl, and Ben all raised their hands, said "Aye!", and then all looked at
Fera.

When Fera realized that they were waiting for her, she raised her hand and said,
"Aye."

"Alright, all opposed?" Ben asked, waiting for a few moments for anyone to
object. Fera opened her mouth to say something, but decided against it.

"The vote is unanimous. Congratulations! We will hold elections again at the
end of the academic year. If you like, you can run for President."

"You don't want to be President anymore?" Fera asked.

"I am a senior this year, so I cannot run again. Even if I could, it would be
wise to start preparing the next generation of MIG leadership," Ben said.

"If you run for President next year, I will vote for you," Raf said.

"You have my vote too," Edl added.

Ben nodded. "Yes, I plan to vote for you as well. As the current Vice President
and very likely future President of the MIG, you should learn about our
executive powers. If something were to happen to me, you have to be ready to
step in and take over. Without the guardianship of the MIG, the college would
quickly descend into chaos," Ben said. He walked over to a printer, entered a
complex series of key presses, and laid his hands down on the screen. "Take off
your shoes, have a seat, and put your hands and feet into the scanner please."

"What? Why?" Fera asked.

"I am going to make you a pair of PresidentialPowergloves and a pair of
PresidentialPowerskates, like the ones I have, but I need have the exact scans
of your hands and feet," Ben replied.

Fera sat down in front of the printer and slid her hands and into the
scanner.

"You do know how to skate, right?" Ben asked suddenly, realizing he should have
ascertained this important detail earlier.

Fera nodded. Skating was Fera's refuge. She learned to build things by fixing
and upgrading her skates. She would skate everyday until late in the night,
skipping dinner and only coming home to avoid sleeping on the street. The only
time she felt safe at home, was when her father was asleep. Sometimes her
father would wake up angry. Most of time, that anger would spill over onto her
mother, but sometimes her father would wake Fera up to yell at her and hit
her. There were a few times when he did not even wake Fera up and just started
hitting her while she was still sleeping in bed. If anyone asked about the
bruises that covered her body, Fera would say that fell down while skating. The
truth was that skating was much safer than being at home.

"While the printer is printing your gloves and skates, I can show you how they
work," Ben said, then paused after noticing that Fera had not moved since she
sat down.

`Fera, the scanner is done. You can pull your hands and feet out now.`

Fera retrieved her hands and feet from the scanner and turned her attention to
Ben.

"The skates are really intuitive. I am sure you will get the hang of them
quickly. The gloves are a bit more complex. First of all, the gloves can open
any door in the college, you just have to place a hand on it. You can also
control any AnimalAutomaton in the college. To provide a command, speak clearly
and use gestures. The gloves also accept commands in sign language, but you can
do almost everything with verbal commands."

"I know sign language," Fera said.

Ben looked shocked.

"My mother was deaf for a long time before she got the implant. She taught me
sign language, because she said that I couldn't really know her without
learning her native language," Fera explained.

In the mornings, while her father was still asleep, Fera and her mother spoke
in complete silence using sign language. Fera would have her bag packed, hours
before she needed to leave for school. If she heard her father waking up, Fera
would grab her bag and run out the door. The mornings when her father would
sleep in were the best. Fera would sign with her mother for as long as she
could. Her mother would tell her stories while Fera wolfed down food after
skipping dinner the day before. When her mother's stories would make Fera
laugh, Fera had to cover her mouth so that her laughter would not wake her
father.

"Fera, are you listening?"

Even though her mother took the brunt of the abuse, Fera was secretly jealous
of her mother. When her father would start yelling, her mother could deactivate
her implant and pretend she was still listening. Fera wished she could turn off
her hearing or at least turn off her memory. Fera would cover her ears, but she
couldn't close her ears the way she could close her eyes. Instead, she had to
absorb all of the yelling, often for many hours. Every horrible thing her
father said remained burned in her memory.

`Fera, Ben is waiting for you to respond.`

"Yes, sorry, you were saying?"

"Each glove can also deliver a powerful non-lethal electric shock, but the
shock should only be used in emergencies, because the shock completely drains
the glove fuel cells. The electric shocks are only for an emergency, do you
understand?"

When Fera first got her period, her mother showed her a hidden bag filled with
supplies and explained the emergency plan. If Fera's father ever tried to take
off Fera's clothes or took his clothes off in front of her, Fera was supposed
to grab the hidden bag, run out the door, and never come back.

Ben could tell that Fera's thoughts were elsewhere. "Fera, maybe you want to
sit down and take a break?"

"No, I don't need a break." Fera saw that the printer had finished.
"I'm ready to try out the gloves and skates."

"Ok, but let me know if you need to rest for a bit."

"I'm fine," Fera said sharply. She opened the lid of the printer and put on the
skates and the gloves.

"Now, you'll want to take it slow at first-", Ben started.

Fera whizzed up to a GuardGorilla watching over the maker workshop and started
signing at it furiously. The GuardGorilla hopped onto its hands and started to
dance upside-down. Fera called three MessengerMeerkats over and made them
cannonball one by one onto the feet of the GuardGorilla. Ben, Raf, and Edl
looked in on in amazement as the GuardGorilla started to juggle the
MessengerMeerkats with its feet.

Fera turned towards a wall and with a few signs had a swarm of BuzzBees and
WakeupWasps hovering in front of her. She had the swarm form different shapes
in the air and then sent all of the robotic bugs back to their nests.

`I suppose you won't have much need for me anymore now that you have your fancy
gloves,` Unoa said sounding dejected.

"Ok, I think I'm getting the hang of this," Fera said stopping right in front
of the three stunned boys.

Ben cleared his throat. "It appears you have a natural affinity to the skates
and gloves. I believe you are ready to begin learning the Ancient martial art
of DroneDarting."

"DroneDarting?"

"Yes, that's what it's called until we can agree on a better name.", Ben said
unfurling a worn scroll with hand-drawn images and intricate hand-written text.
"This ancient scroll holds the long-forgotten secrets of the DroneDarters of
the distant past."

Studying the scroll, Fera noticed something strange. "Ben, is that your name at the
bottom there?"

Ben looked embarrassed. "Yes, it is."

"Did you make DroneDarting up?"

"Well, it is a real martial art, but yes, I did invent it."

"How is it ancient if you invented it?"

"Sorry, you're right. It just sounds better if a martial art is ancient. I was
thinking that no one is going to care about a martial art developed by a
teenager."

"You might be right. Let me see that scroll," Fera said starting to take the
scroll from Ben.

"Be careful with that, it's ancient!" Ben exclaimed.

Fera looked at him sternly.

"You're right. It is not ancient. I burnt the edges and then poured tea all
over it," Ben said, surrendering the scroll to Fera.

Fera looked at the scroll intensely. "It's very convincing. If it weren't for
the signature, I might not have figured it out right away. The idea is to send
flying AnimalAutomatons into your opponents?"

"Yes, any AnimalAutomatons can be used, but birds have the right combination of
speed and mass."

`I guess great minds think alike,` Unoa said smugly.

Fera used her gloves to summon two HistorianHummingbirds. "En garde," she said,
looking menacingly at Ben.

"To be honest, I don't think you are ready for sparing. We should start with
some kata. Here, I can-"

Fera sent her two birds flying at Ben's head from two different angles. Ben
pivoted to avoid the birds, lost control of his powerskates, and landed on the
ground. Fera had the birds land on Ben's chest.

"Do you yield?" she asked triumphantly.

"Yes, yes!" Ben said quickly. Fera helped him to his feet.

"Do you want to go again?" Fera asked innocently.

"No, no, I think that's enough for today."

"Hold on, these gloves are extremely powerful. Is there some kind of fail-safe?
Some limit to their power?"

"A fail safe? That's an interesting idea. The gloves are tailored to their
specific wearer, so they could not be used by anyone else."

"If you wanted to turn off someone else's gloves, would you be able to?"

"Yes, I would need to access a console to deactivate a pair of gloves."

"Can you show me?" Fera asked sweetly.

"Of course!" Ben said, expertly gliding up to a console. "First, you need to
find the user. Then you can see all of their permissions. For example, you
have-" Ben stopped mid-sentence and then asked, "It appears that you already
know how to modify permissions since you added your glasses to your user
profile."

"Do changes take effect right away or do you have to confirm them?" Fera asked
moving up to the console.

"They take effect immediately, so please be careful!"

Fera adjusted the position of multiple icons. "Did I do it right?"

"Yes, that's amazing. You deactivated my gloves and skates on the first try!"

"And if I pull up two users, I can transfer permissions between them?"

"Yes, that's correct. Just move the icons. Yes, just like that. I knew the
interface I designed was intuitive, but I never thought anyone would be able to
figure it out without any explanation. I guess my user interface design skills
are better than I suspected," Ben said proudly. "Um, Fera, you seem to be
locking me out of the system. Could you please restore my permissions? Also, I
think we should discuss the permissions that you enabled for yourself. This is
still your first day in the MIG and as far as I understand your first day in
college, so maybe we should take things one step-"

"It's been a crazy first day so far," Fera said still tapping at the console.
"I made great new friends and found a place where I truly feel I belong. Thank
you for accepting me into your group and making me feel welcome. I couldn't
have asked for better friends," Fera said, turning to face the boys.

Ben grabbed his chest overcome with emotion, almost falling off of his
deactivated powerskates. Raf and Edl both held onto each other for support,
wiping tears from their eyes. All three boys looked at Fera with admiration and
affection and were caught completely off guard by swarm of BuzzBees Fera sent
after them.

On her way out of the workshop, Fera commanded the ChaseChimps and the
GuardGorilla to keep the boys in the workshop. Fera sped down the hallway
towards the Provost's office, but she turned around when she heard a fierce
battle cry behind her. It was Edl, covered in BuzzBees, sprinting toward her.

Fera started to command every AnimalAutomaton in the hallway to attack Edl. Edl
slowed down as the AnimalAutomatons began to pile on. Before going
around the corner, Fera saw Edl under a mountain of AnimalAutomatons, valiantly
trying to fight them all off.

`Fera, this is not conducive to maintaining a low profile.`

Fera burst into the Provost's office and ordered the AnimalAutomatons inside to
stand down.

"Here's what's going to happen, you sack of-", Fera stopped when she saw that
the Provost was sleeping in his usual position, head tilted back and mouth
opened. Jumping on top of the desk, Fera kicked the Provost in his face until
he woke up. Placing one of her powerskates on his chest and lunging forward as
if she were stretching her psoas muscle, Fera leaned in and looked at the
Provost menacingly. "I want a full pardon for me and the other girls."

The Provost looked back and forth between Fera and the powerskate on his
chest. Then, the Provost opened his mouth to speak, but instead vomited all
over Fera's powerskate. Fera recoiled in disgust, then she instinctively kicked
the Provost in the face repeatedly, sending specks of vomit flying in all
directions. "Get the pardons! For me, Kaia, and Sata."

"I don't haf that aufority!"

"Then you better find someone who does or I'm going to powerskate all over face
while the GuardGorillas hold you down."

"You're bluffing."

Fera signaled to the GuardGorillas to take the Provost to ground. She jumped
down from the desk and lowered the vomit-covered powerskate towards the
Provost's face. When Fera activated the powerskate, it sprayed the Provost
with his own vomit. Whenever Fera touched the powerskate to the Provost's
face, her leg would fly forward as she were kicking an invisible foe.

"Shtop, Shtop, please. I'll requesht the pardonsh!"

"Oh, you're no fun," Fera said as she signled to the GuardGorillas to put the
Provost back in his chair. The Provost cleared his throat, wiped his face with
the sleeve of his blazer, and started entering the pardon requests as Fera
stood over him making sure he did not try any tricks. The pardon requests were
approved soon after the Provost submitted them. Fera commanded the
GuardGorillas to hold the Provost by his arms before hopping off the desk to
read carefully through each one of the pardons.

`Fera, I can replace the recordings of you, Kaia, and Sata with deep fakes that
show you all doing really well in the initiation ceremony.`

"Great! In the meantime, I'm going to see what else I can do with the Provost's
console. Fire alarm. Sprinklers. Deactivate all AnimalAutomatons. Self-destruct?"

"No, not the shelf-deshtruct!"

The Provost's alarmed face was all the encouragement Fera needed. She laughed
as she started the self-destruct sequence. An automated voice announced that
the college would be destroyed in 10 kiloseconds. Fera's glasses automatically
displayed the time remaining.

"We haf to leaf now," the Provost pleaded. "The shelf-deshtruct-"

"We'll go when I'm ready," Fera said.

"But, the-"

Fera commanded one of the GuardGorilla to cover the Provost's mouth. Fera had
no intention of leaving until she was certain no one would try to deactivate
the self-destruct sequence.

`Would you like to review the deep fakes I generated?`

Fera nodded and began watching the initiation ceremony recordings Unoa had
created. The recordings were incredibly convincing, but also terribly boring,
so Fera tripled the playback speed. While the recordings were playing, she
flipped through live video feeds of the college to make sure everyone had
evacuated. Every room was empty, including the maker workshop. When she was
satisfied that no one was coming to storm the Provost's office, Fera had the
GuardGorillas carry the Provost out of the office. On her way out of the
office, Fera nearly fell over over. The powerskate covered in the Provost's
vomit was not working at all. When Fera looked out into the hallway, she was
surprised to see Raf there waiting for her.

"I thought we were friends..." Raf said. "But you are not acting like a
friend."

"What are you doing here, Raf? Have you been waiting here this entire time?"

"Why do you want to blow up the college, Fera?"

"I'm going to stick it to the government!"

"I don't like the government either, because it displaces Lunkers to make room
for its mining operations, but I don't see how the blowing up the college will
help anyone."

"I don't have time to explain it to you. Come on, let's get out of here."

"Please wait a moment," Raf said closing his eyes.

"What the hell are you doing? Snap out of it," Fera said grabbing his
shoulders and shaking him.

"I'm creating a diversion," Raf replied.

"How? By growing roots? By making food from the sunlight like a plant?"

"How did you know I can grow roots and photosynthesize?" Raf asked opening his
eyes wide in shock. When Raf realized that Fera did not know about his
plant-like abilities until he gave them away, he got flustered.

"You mustn't tell anyone anything!" Raf exclaimed.

The hallway was suddenly filled with sound and movement as a thick mass of
birds flew in through the holes in the walls. Raf pulled Fera down and shielded
her from the birds with his body. Fera freed her arms from out under Raf and
signalled to every nearby robotic bird, bat, and bee to fight the avian
invaders.

"Get off me, Raf, I'm not your sister!"

"I have to protect you from the birds."

"You're enjoying this, you creep!"

"I am sorry, Fera. I think you are really amazing, but I can't let you to blow
up the college."

Fera placed her functional powerskate on the ground and activated it. The
powerskate pulled Fera out far enough from under Raf that she was able to
wriggle free. Emerging from the cloud of flying creatures, Edl scooped Fera up,
pushed her against the wall, and placed his hands on her shoulders to keep her
immobilized.

"Let me go!" Fera screamed, kicking and flailing her arms futilely.

"We can't let you go until you stop the self-destruct sequence," Ben said
walking along the wall while shielding himself from aerial assault with two
umbrellas. Ben closed one of the umbrellas and stood next to Fera. Edl leaned
forward and create a protective arch with his body, insulating Ben and Fera
from the battling birds, bats, and bees. "Hello again Fera, could you please
deactivate the self-destruct system?" Ben asked politely.

"No," Fera said defiantly, signaling to the GuardGorillas to attack Ben and
Edl.

"I disabled the GuardGorillas while you were distracted by the birds. If you
continue to refuse, I'm afraid that I will have to shock you," Ben said. He
brought the tip of closed umbrella closer. It crackled with electricity.

`I would suggest that you comply,` Unoa said. `The electricity could damage
your glasses and interfere with our ability to communicate.`

"You can take that umbrella and shove it up your-" Fera was interrupted by the
shock. The countdown timer on Fera's glasses disappeared.

"I really hate to have to insist, but I am still locked out of the system. Are
you open to deactivating the self-destruct system now?"

"No, but maybe one more shock will do the trick," Fera said with a demonic
smile. Ben sighed and brought the umbrellas in for another shock. This time,
Fera took hold of the umbrella and pulled Ben in. With her other hand, Fera
grabbed Ben's wrist and shocked him with her powerglove. As soon as he saw Ben
crumple to the floor, Edl burst into tears, picked up his brother, and cradled
him in his arms.

Moving around Edl, Fera saw that aerial battle had mostly come to an end. The
hallway was filled with rubble, destroyed AnimalAutomatons, and dead birds. Raf
was on his knees and crying.

"You're crying too?! Again?! You're all a bunch of crybabies!" Fera yelled.

In between sobs and rocking back and forth, Raf said, "They're dead. You killed
them."

"I didn't kill anyone!" Fera yelled.

Raf opened his hands to reveal a dead bird and then went back to hugging it to
his chest as he cried.

"You mean the birds?!" Fera screamed, suddenly feeling full of rage. "No one
cares about your stupid birds, You dirty moleman!"

Raf laid the dead bird gently on the ground and said, "Did you know that
Lunkers do not consider the word 'moleman' to be an insult? Moles are
industrious expert diggers."

"I don't care!"

"The word 'Lunker' was actually considered a slur until the government made it
the official name for our people."

"Nobody cares about Lunkers, because you're all pushovers!"

"If we try to resist the government, they release poisonous gas into our
tunnels. The gas burns our skin, especially our eyes. If anyone breathes it in,
they die. The gas poisons our food and water. Even with filter masks, we-"

"You all deserve to be gassed, you filthy Lunker molemen!"

Raf covered his face with his hands as he started sobbing violently. "They all
died," he whimpered, shaking uncontrollably on the ground. "Arla and I were the
only ones who made it. The gas was clogging the filters and everyone was
suffocating. They gave us all their spare filters and helped us get out even
though they could not breathe. We left them behind to save ourselves. I still
see their melted faces whenever I close my eyes."

Fera stood over Raf with tears in her eyes. She was angry at Raf for being so
weak and angry at herself for crying and wasting time on such a weakling.

"If Lunkers are so easy to kill, they don't deserve to live at all!" Fera
screamed.

Raf looked back up at Fera with his eyes filled with tears and anger. "Ben
showed us your profile. He said you have anger management issues and an
inclination towards violence, just like your father."

"I'm nothing like my father!", Fera screamed and began to kick Raf with the
broken powerskate until she was out of breath from the exertion. She stood in
hallway, panting, looking down at Raf. His face was swollen and covered with
bruises. _Was he not defending himself at all? What a wimp!_ "Get moving. We
can't waste anymore time. What are you waiting for? Why are you just laying
there?"

Raf did not respond. Fera gave Raf another kick. "Stop crying and get up! We
need to get out of here before the college blows up." Raf was not moving or
making any sound whatsoever.

Fera turned her attention to Edl. "Come on Edl, you have to carry Ben and Raf
out of here."

To her surprise, Edl complied immediately. Putting Ben and Raf on his
shoulders, Edl started trotting down the hallway. Fera was able to keep up with
Edl, but the Provost started to fall behind.

"Don't leaf me!" the Provost begged. "Lay down on the ground!" Fera barked at
the Provost, who dropped to ground in an instant. Fera grabbed the Provost
by the hand and started pulling him by the hand down the hallway.

"Wait, where are you going? The main entrance is the other way," Fera said.

Edl stopped, deep in thought. He seem very nervous. "There are escape pods in
the maker workshop," Edl said shyly.

"Enough for all of us?" Fera asked.

"I don't know," Edl said, "Ben would know." Edl looked over at his brother and
started to cry again.

"There's no time for crying Edl!" Fera yelled. "We have to get out of here!"

Edl continued towards to the maker workshop. Once inside, Edl gently laid Ben
and Raf down on the ground, while Fera analyzed the escape pod controls on a
nearby console. Fera shuddered. There were only two escape pods and each could
only fit one person.

One of the escape pods was larger and had more fuel. Clearly, Ben had designed
the escape pods for himself and his brother. Fera considered taking one of the
escape pods for herself, but she knew that it would be a death sentence for the
others. Ben and Raf were unconscious, Edl was helpless without guidance, and
the Provost was in pharmacological stupor.

"Edl, put Ben inside the pod on the left," Fera said. "Great, now get in the
other pod on the right."

"What about you?" Edl asked.

"There's another set of escape pods left for us," Fera lied.

"Are you sure?" Edl asked looking around.

Fera had expended all of her patience. "Get in the damn pod!"

Edl did not ask any further questions. The pods filled with liquid and a metal
shield lowered in the it. A loud rumbling noise rolled through the workshop and
the metal shield became red from the heat of the rocket ignition of the
launching escape pods.

"Put lay down on the ground next to Raf," Fera said to the Provost.

"What about ar eshcape pods?" the Provost asked.

Fera picked up Raf's arm. "Down on the ground or I'm leaving you here."

The Provost did not need any further convinving. Fera pulled Raf and the
Provost down the hallway, meandering to avoid the rubble while balancing on her
only working powerskate. Whenever Fera used the non-functioning powerskate to
make a tight turn, she could feel the vomit squish inside.

Once they were outside, Fera saw that everyone the area around the college had
already been evacuated. Fera checked the tram station and saw that public
transportation had been completely shutdown. She pulled up to a microtransit
vending machine with the Provost and Raf in tow. Fera whipped the Provost
toward the vending machine. "Unlock it!"

"What are you-"

"If you don't unlock it quick, we're all going to die."

The Provost placed his palms on the vending machine and leaned in for the
retinal scan. Fera shoved the Provost out of the way and made a selection using
the vending machine console. A black motocycle with a sidecar rolled up a ramp
next to them. Fera zoomed up to the motorcycle.

"Wait, don't leaf me!" The Provost yelled reaching his hand out towards Fera.

"What do you think the sidecar is for?" Fera asked as she started the
motorcycle.

Fera spun the motorcycle around and pulled up next to the Provost.

"Put Raf in front of me and then get in the sidecar," Fera ordered.

Racing down the empty street, Fera tried to remember how much time was left
when she still in the Provost's office. Her glasses had not shown any
information since the electric shock from the umbrella. As she sped towards the
direction where she had seen airships lifting off, Fera wished she could ask
Unoa for some advice.

When she reached the market square in the city center, Fera saw that the last
airship was taking off. She drove right under the airship and let go of the
handlebars to wave her arms above her head. The airship kept rising up into the
air. They must have seen her. Why were they still moving upwards?

Fera looked to the Provost for ideas on what to do next. The Provost
retrieved a small case from the pocket of his blazer, pulled out all of the
BuzzBees in the case, and placed them inside of his shirt.

"How big is blast zone?" Fera asked Provost.

"To the treesh!" the Provost answered.

"What?"

"We haf to get to the treesh," the Provost replied, pointing off into the
distance.

Fera did not know where the Provost was pointing, she had never seen trees in
the city. She suspected that she did not have enough time to make it out of the
city, but she decided to enjoy the motorcycle while she could. As Fera
accelerated down the street, she thought about what had happened that day. Fera
had pushed back against the system and won. Even if she had only succeeded in
smashing just a single cog in the machine of oppression, it was worth
it. Reflecting on her life, Fera realized that for the first time, she had felt
truly powerful. She was always powerless to stop her father from beating her
when he got angry. Even worse, she could not do anything to protect her
mother. Being in control, even if it was part of one day, was worth any cost.

Even if she knew that she was going to die, she would not have changed much
about today. She wished she could say goodbye to her mother and hug her one
last time. She also would have liked to be able to apologize to Kaia and Sata.
Maybe if things were different, they could've been friends? Fera's eyes filled
with tears. Fera thought about Ben, Edl, and the life she could have had
working in the maker workshop. Maybe she could have also helped Arla and Raf in
the theater? Fera looked down at Raf. He was still not moving. Fera kept one
hand on the throttle and stroked Raf's hair with the other. She began to cry
harder.

_It's the wind in my eyes,_ Fera thought. _No way I'm crying over those
losers._ Fera closed her eyes. It didn't matter now. She was free. She relaxed
her body and focused on her last few breaths. The blow from behind came sooner
than Fera expected. She thought she would hear the explosion first and maybe
have a chance to look back at the blast before it enveloped her. As she flew
through the air with her eyes closed, she stretched out her arms and imagined
she was a bird flying over the empty city towards an infinite sea of green
trees on the horizon.

Ben and Edl looked out on the empty city from the observation deck of one of
their family's airships. "I hope Fera and Raf made it out of the city," Edl
said.

"I am sure she did. Fera is extremely cunning. I have never before met someone
who I might consider my intellectual equal," Ben said before adding, "no
offense, Edl."

"Is Fera still going to be part of our group?" Edl asked.

"As far as I can tell, she did not break any maker workshop rules. The city was
safely evacuated and reconstruction will begin as soon as the rubble cools. To
be frank, the MIG always felt incomplete when it was just you, me, and Raf."

"I am glad that Fera can be still in our group," Edl said beaming.

"Me too." Ben said, patting Edl's massive shoulder.

"To be honest, we'll be lucky to have her. On her first day in college,
Fera built a gigaphone from stolen parts, became MIG Vice President, mastered
droneDarting, defeated us in combat, and doomed the entire city. I've never
heard of anyone having such a productive first day. The way she used the
powergloves and powersk-"

Ben snapped his fingers as he got an idea. "We can track Fera using the
powergloves and powerskates."

Moving to a console, Ben brought up Fera's location on a map. "She is still in
the city."

"Can we pick her up?" Edl asked.

Ben shook his head. "We wouldn't make it in time."

The two brothers looked out the windows at the chain of explosions snaking
through the city. The signal from Fera's powergloves and powerskates
disappeared inside the blast zone on the map. Edl's eyes filled with tears.

"Maybe she dropped them along the way?" Ben suggested. His voice did not sound
convincing. The signal disappeared while it was still moving out of the
city. As the explosion spread and then faded, Ben began to cry nearly as hard
as Edl. The brothers, both remembering Fera fondly, gazed out the window long
after the smoldering remains of the city disappeared behind the horizon.
