## Chapter 3: A beautiful view

The sound of the fire alarm was brutal. Waking up in total darkness, Kaia and
Sata were in a state of panic. Aira was at the side of the bed in an instant,
shining a flashlight on the floor until their eyes adjusted to the light.

"Sata, Kaia, put on these shoes.", Aira said, handing each of the girls a pair
of ballet flats from a satchel she wore across her shoulder, "Just slip them on
and let's go. Dela and Ryn left while you were sleeping."

"It could be just a drill.", Sata said.

"We will find out when we get outside.", Aira responded.

As they were leaving the theater, a huge explosion rocked the school.

"Ok, it's definitely not a drill.", Sata said.

Outside the theater, there was utter pandemonium. Students were running towards
the exits as robotic animals, large and small, were exploding. The three girls
ran to the main exit. Surprised that she could run at all, Kaia marvelled at
how comfortable the ballet flats were to run in.

"How did you know our sizes?", Kaia asked Aira.

"Sata was trying on shoes before you went to sleep and I took your shoes off
once to wear asleep. Your shoes were in pretty bad shape. I hope you don't mind."

"Oh, I don't mind at all. These shoes are much better."

When the girls made it outside, Sata and Kaia were dismayed to see Pert and his
posse waiting in front of the entrance to the school. Pert's head was wrapped
in bandages. A small of blood had permeated the bandages in the spot were the
historianHummingbird had hit him.

"What's wrong? Afraid of a little fire-", Pert started, but the paused as he
inspected the girls more closely.

"Wait a second. Did you replace one of your girlfriends already?", Pert said to
Kaia, "You just love 'em and leave 'em, dontcha? You go through girls faster
than I do!"

The boys erupted with laughter.

Before the Kaia and Sata could think of a plan, Aira walked up to Pert and
introduced herself.

"Hello, I'm Aira. What's your name?", Aira said, projecting her voice so
everyone hear as if she were on stage.

"Pert, but you can call me the Pertinator, and this is my Posse, I call them
Pert's Posse.", Pert said, flexing his muscles and gesturing at the boys behind
him.

"Nice to meet you, Pert! What happened to your head?"

"Oh, this? It's nothing." Pert was clearly not used to anyone of the opposite
sex taking an interest in him.

"A bird flew into his head.", Sata said.

"What did you say?", Pert pushed past Aira and stood menacingly in front of
Kaia and Sata.

"I said, a bird flew into your head.", Sata said defiantly.

"What are the chances of a bird flying into someone's head?", Aira interrupted.
She really knew how to make her voice carry.

"Pert must really be an airhead.", Sata said.

"A real chick magnet!", Kaia said exploding with laughter.
A few hours of sleep had done them both a lot of good.

Pert moved closer to Sata and Kaia and spoke in a low voice.
"Listen, I know you are one mistake away from going to prison, so you better
start treating me really nicely or I might have a word with my father and-."

At that moment, a bird flew into the previously undamaged side of Pert's face.

"What are the chances of two different birds flying into the same person's
head?", Aira said as she grabbed Kaia and Sata by the hands and led them away
through the circle of stunned boys.

"He got two birds with one head!", Sata screamed as they ran, hoping everyone
could hear her. Laughing hysterically, Kaia did not try to come up with any
more bird puns, because she knew she would not be able to top that one.

When the girls arrived at the emergency meeting point, an very sharply dressed
young man waved at them enthusiastically and began to run in their direction.
Aira squealed with glee and began to run towards him.

"Airunia!", the young man yelled.

"Lanselolek!" Aira responded.

They hugged and spun around, laughing like children.

When Kaia and Sata walked up to them, Aira put her arm around the young man and
gestured towards the two girls.

"Lans, this is Kaia and Sata. Kaia and Sata, this is Lans."

Lans stepped forward and bowed with a flourish.

"Very pleased to make your acquaintance. Any friend of my Airunianunia is a
friend of mine! Please, follow me. I have the best seats in the best airship
reserved for only the best of the friends."

"Airship?!", Aira exclaimed. Lans stopped and looked at the girls.

"Haven't you heard?! The entire city is going to explode! We have to be ready
to evacuate as soon as we get the signal."

"We have to go back for Ryn and Dela.", Kaia said.

"Oh no, I'm afraid that will be absolutely impossible! Anyone trying to leave
this area will be executed immediately to ensure a safe and organized
evacuation."

"How is executing people going to ensure safety?"

"I don't know, I don't make the rules, but I do know that the snipers on the
roof mean business."

The girls look up at the rooftops and saw gunmen covering all of the possible
exits.

"I'm sure everyone will make it onto an airship just fine. It seems like
they're in no hurry to launch, but we might as well wait inside. Come on, we
can have some refreshments. You all look positively parched and famished!"

As they approached a regal looking airship, Lans suddenly changed course waving
towards a strike team officer with one hand and pulling Aira behind him. The
strike team officer looked very intimidating. His face was hidden behind a
black balaclava and dark sunglasses. He was resting his hands on a massive
rifle that was slung over his shoulder. The exoskeleton armor he was wearing
made him look could wrestle a guardGorilla and win.

Officer Kransal!, Lans exclaimed, "I'd like to introduce you to Aira and her
friends Kaia and Sata."

Getting behind Aira, Lans whispered something into her ear, carefully took her
satchel, and gently nudged her forward.

Aira adjusted her hair and approached the officer shyly, but pretty soon they
were standing next to each other as they posed for a picture together. Aira's
face was flushed with emotion as beamed at the pictureParrot that perched in
front of them. She put her hand on Officer Kransal's arm and leaned into him as
he stood motionless. After the picture, she came back to stand next to Kaia and
Sata. Lans walked up to Officer Kransal and stood next to him speaking in a
hushed tone. The officer nodded, then Lans stuck out his elbow and two briefly
connected elbows.

As they resumed their trajectory to the airship, Lans was smiling ear to ear.

"It's all taken care of. Thanks to Aira, our airship has official VIP
designation and all of the best local shops are being requisitioned for the
best supplies. We have complete control of the guest list. If anyone gives us
any trouble, we can have them thrown out. And the best part is that Officer
Kransal will be flying with us as our personal security escort."

Aira was blushing deeply and she pulled in Kaia and Sata on either side of her.

"Are you crying?", Kaia asked.

"Not here. Wait until we get onto the airship.", Aira replied smiling broadly
through the tears.

As soon as they were in the gangway of the airship, Aira pulled Kaia and Sata
into a huddle as Lans was on the lookout.

"That officer was a Lunker." Aira said as tears dropped down on the ground in
front of her.

Kaia and Sata were waiting to hear more, but what followed was a bit
anticlimactic. "You mustn't tell anyone anything!".

After wiping her face, Aira pulled the two girls up the gangway into the
airship. The interior of the airship was impeccably stylish and as far they
could tell completely empty.

"I'm going to freshen up.", Aira said quickly, "Lans, will you take care of our
guests?"

Lans launched into his role as host with bravado. He first offered his guests a
selection of beverages and did an excellent job hiding his disappointment when
he found out that he guests only wanted regular water to drink. After the girls
drank several bottle of water, Lans lifted a silver cover with a flourish to
reveal a veritable cornucopia of delicious-looking foods. The two girls began
to eat with abandon using their hands to shuttle food from the platter directly
to their mouths. Lans started to explain the unique origins and laud the
quality of each food item, but then he fell silent when he realized no one was
listening to him. Kaia could not help but noticed that Lans was growing
increasingly uneasy as they ate, but she could not resist the food. After the girls
cleared almost all of the food on the platter, they looked up at Lans with
gratitude.

"That was the best meal I've had in my life." Sata said and Kaia
enthusiastically agreed.

"I couldn't eat another bite!" Sata added."

"Should we have saved some for Aira?", Kaia asked, trying to guess why Lans
looked so uncomfortable.

"Oh no, we have plenty of food and there's plenty more being loaded now."

"Lans, did we do something wrong?", Kaia asked quietly.

"Heavens no, you two are absolutely perfect. I was just hoping that you might
save a little room for the soup, salad, main course, and dessert, but I am so
glad that you liked the appetizer tray so much-." Lans said as he burst into
tears using the bend in his elbow to cover his face.

"I am really sorry we ate all the appetizers. We'll be hungry again soon I
promise!", Kaia said trying to cheer up Lans, but he only cried harder. Kaia
sat down next to Lans and put her hand on his shoulder unsure of how to console
him. When Lans lifted his tear-soaked face to look at Kaia, she was stunned to
see the deep sorrow in eyes. There was clearly more to the story than the
appetizer tray. Lans gently leaned into Kaia for a hug, his body was
occasionally wracked by sobs as he unleashed a waterfall of emotion onto her
shoulder. When he stopped crying, he looked at Kaia lovingly.

Aira arrives looking gorgeous. Both Kaia and Sata are very impressed. Lans
wipes his eyes and continues entertaining. Aira is anxious for Officer Kransal
to arrive. When he does, she runs up to him and throws her arms around him.
Officer Kransal removes and stows away his armor along with his rifle. Without
the armor, he looks much smaller, but still very intimidating. After they talk
and eat, Kransal tells them they can call him Taz as long as his not in uniform
or on duty. Aira announces that she is going to show Officer Kransal around.
When Kaia asks if they can come too, Lans says that he will show Kaia and Sata
around later, separately.

Are you a Lunker too?
A Lunker?! I was born to shine under the spotlight, not hide in the shadows!

"Earlier, I thought you and Aira together. I don't think that now, obviously."
"Me with Aira?! Oh no, a leading man needs a leading lady." Lans said.

"Let me introduce you to subject of my affection, but please you mustn't tell
anyone anything."

Lans introduces Sata and Kaia to Ursa. They knock on the door to Ursa's cabin,
Ursa opens. Sata and Kaia are both extremely impressed with how elegant,
beautiful, and athletic Ursa is.

Zek barges in on them with Figa (Figurina?) in tow. Zek tries his best to charm Kaia. Kaia
is unsure why he is focusing on her, when she hasn't fixed her appearance since
before the ceremony. The airship begins to go down (it is secretly sabotaged by
Zek, who wants an opportunity trying to look like a hero). He demonstrates his
leadership skills and leverages his relationship with Figa and Ursa to save the
day. He gives commands to Ursa and Figa, both of whom are incredibly strong and
athletic. Ursa is always cheerful. Figa never smiles.

The airship crashes in a lake and sinks to the bottom. Ursa dives into the lake
and recovers supplies for them. Lans annoys her by asking for more and more
supplies. Figa refuses to get in the water. Since it was already dark, they
decided to make camp at the airship crash site. They talk around the camp fire.
Someone notices that Kransal and Aira's eyes glow in the dark. All of the girls
walk along the side of lake to find a spot to bathe. Kransal, Zek, and Lans
stay behind. Figa waits by the side of the lake. "I don't do water." The girls
have fun in the water. Kaia is amazed at how great Sata, Aira, and especially
Ursa look. Aira and Ursa are surprised to see how Kaia looks underneath all the
grime.

The Chapter ends when everyone falls asleep next to the campfire. Kaia curls up
next to Sata.
