## Chapter 3: Beautiful view

The sound of the fire alarm was brutal. Kaia and Sata woke up in total
darkness, not remembering where they were or why. As her eyes adjusted to
light, Kaia saw she was in the secret bed next to Sata. A glint of metal caught
Kaia's eye, she recoiled in horror when she that her hand was covered thin
metal wires. Kaia kicked off the bed covers, the metallic tendrils covering her
body were beginning to envelop Sata. In a panic, Kaia tore at the tendrils
trying to rip them away from Sata. Sata looked at Kaia in shock.

"Kaia, what are you doing?"

"I'm trying to-" The tendrils were gone.

"Sata, Kaia," Arla said, running up to the edge of the bed, "put on these
shoes." Arla handed each of the girls a pair of ballet flats from a satchel she
wore across her shoulder, "Just slip them on and let's go. Fera and Raf left
while you were sleeping."

"It could be just a drill," Sata said.

"We will find out when we get outside," Arla responded.

As they were leaving the theater, a huge explosion rocked the school.

"Ok, it's definitely not a drill," Sata said.

Outside the theater, there was utter pandemonium. Students and AnimalAutomatons
were running towards the exits. The three girls followed the crowd heading to
the main exit. Surprised that she could run at all, Kaia marvelled at how
comfortable the ballet flats.

When the girls made it outside, Sata and Kaia were dismayed to see Pyr and his
posse waiting in front of the entrance to the school. Pyr's head was wrapped in
bandages. A small of blood had permeated the bandages in the spot were the
HistorianHummingbird had hit him.

"What's wrong? Afraid of a little fire-", Pyr started, but then paused as he
inspected the girls more closely.

"Wait a second. Did you replace one of your girlfriends already?", Pyr said to
Kaia, "You just love 'em and leave 'em, don't ya? You go through girls faster
than I do!"

The boys erupted with laughter.

Before the Kaia and Sata could decide what to do, Arla walked up to Pyr and
introduced herself.

"Hello, I'm Arla. What's your name?", Arla said, projecting her voice so
everyone hear her as if she were on stage.

"Pyr, but you can call me the Pyrinator, and this is my Posse, I call them
Pyr's Posse," Pyr said, flexing his muscles and gesturing at the boys behind
him.

"Nice to meet you, Pyr! What happened to your head?"

"Oh, this? It's nothing." Pyr was clearly not used to anyone of the opposite
sex taking an interest in him.

"A bird flew into his head," Sata said.

"What did you say?" Pyr pushed past Arla and stood menacingly in front of
Kaia and Sata.

"I said, a bird flew into your head," Sata said staunchly.

"What are the chances of a bird flying into someone's head?" Arla interrupted.
She really knew how to make her voice carry.

"Pyr must really be an airhead," Sata said, cracking a smile.

"He's a real chick magnet!" Kaia said exploding with laughter.

"He gives new meaning to the word bird-brained!" Sata added, laughing even
harder. A few hours of sleep had done them both a lot of good.

Pyr moved closer to Sata and Kaia and spoke in a low voice. "Listen, I know you
are one mistake away from going to prison, so you better start treating me
really nicely or I might have a word with my father and-." At that moment,
sparrow a flew into the previously undamaged side of Pyr's head.

"What are the chances of two different birds flying into the same person's
head?" Arla asked as she grabbed Kaia and Sata by the hands and led them away
through the circle of stunned boys.

"He got two birds with one head!" Sata screamed as they ran, hoping everyone
could hear her. Laughing hysterically, Kaia did not try to come up with any
more bird puns, because she knew she would not be able to top that last one.

When the girls arrived at the emergency meeting point, a very sharply dressed
young man waved at them enthusiastically and began to run in their
direction. Arla squealed with glee and began to run towards him as well.

"Arlunia!" the young man yelled.

"Lanselolek!" Arla responded.

They hugged and spun around, laughing like children. When Kaia and Sata walked
up to them, Arla put her arm around the young man and gestured towards the two
girls.

"Lan, this is Kaia and Sata. Kaia and Sata, this is Lan."

Lan stepped forward and bowed elegantly. "Very pleased to make your
acquaintance. Any friend of my Arlunianunia is a friend of mine! Please, follow
me. I have the best seats in the best airship reserved for us."

"Airship?!" Arla exclaimed. Lan stopped and looked at the girls. "Haven't you
heard?! The entire city is going to explode! We have to be ready to evacuate as
soon as we get the signal."

"We have to go back for Raf and Fera," Kaia said.

"Oh no, I'm afraid that will be absolutely impossible! Anyone trying to leave
this area will be executed immediately to ensure a safe and organized
evacuation."

Sata furrowed her brow. "How is executing people going to ensure safety?"

"I don't know, I don't make the rules, but I do know that the snipers on the
roof mean business."

The girls look up at the rooftops and saw gunmen covering all of the possible
exits. Lan continued.

"I'm sure everyone will make it onto an airship just fine. It seems like
they're in no hurry to launch, but we might as well wait inside. Come on, our
airship is stocked with goodies. I think some refreshments might do you some
good. You all look positively parched and famished!"

As they approached a regal looking airship, Lan suddenly changed course waving
towards a strike team officer with one hand and pulling Arla behind him. The
strike team officer looked very intimidating. His face was hidden behind a
black balaclava and dark sunglasses. He was resting his hands on a massive
rifle that was slung over his shoulder. The exoskeleton armor he was wearing
made him look could beat a GuardGorilla in a wrestling match.

"Officer Kransal!" Lan exclaimed. "I'd like to introduce you to Arla and her
friends Kaia and Sata."

Getting behind Arla, Lan whispered something into her ear, carefully took her
satchel, and gently nudged her forward. Arla adjusted her hair and approached
the officer shyly, but pretty soon they were standing next to each other as
they posed for a picture together. Arla's face was flushed with emotion as
beamed at the PictureParrot that perched in front of them. She put her hands on
Officer Kransal's arm and leaned into him as he stood motionless. After the
picture, she came back to stand next to Kaia and Sata.

Lan walked up to Officer Kransal and stood next to him speaking in a hushed
tone. The officer nodded, then Lan stuck out his elbow and two briefly
connected elbows. As they resumed their trajectory to the airship, Lan was
smiling ear to ear.

"It's all taken care of. Thanks to Arla, our airship has official VIP
designation and all of the best local shops are being requisitioned for the
best supplies. We have complete control of the guest list. If anyone gives us
any trouble, we can have them thrown out. And the best part is that Officer
Kransal will be flying with us as our personal security escort."

_Did Lan just sell Arla to Officer Kransal?_ Kaia thought. She could see that
Sata was wondering about the same thing. Arla was blushing deeply and she
pulled in Kaia and Sata on either side of her.

"Are you crying?" Kaia asked.

"Not here. Wait until we get onto the airship.", Arla replied smiling broadly
through the tears.

As soon as they were in the gangway of the airship, Arla pulled Kaia and Sata
into a huddle as Lan was on the lookout.

"That officer is a Lunker," Arla said as tears dropped down on the ground in
front of her.

Kaia and Sata were waiting to hear more, but what followed was a bit
anticlimactic. "You mustn't tell anyone anything!".

After wiping her face, Arla pulled the two girls up the gangway into the
airship. The interior of the airship was impeccably stylish and as far they
could tell completely empty.

"I'm going to freshen up.", Arla said quickly, "Lan, will you take care of our
guests?"

Lan launched into his role as host with bravado. He first offered his guests a
selection of beverages and did an excellent job hiding his disappointment when
he found out that he guests only wanted regular still water to drink. Lan
lifted a silver cover with a flourish to reveal a veritable cornucopia of
delicious-looking foods.

The two girls began to eat with abandon using their hands to shuttle food from
the platter directly to their mouths. Lan started to explain the unique origins
and laud the quality of each food item, but then he fell silent when he
realized no one was listening to him. Kaia could not help but noticed that Lan
was growing increasingly uneasy as they ate, but she could not resist the food.
After the girls cleared almost all of the food on the platter, they looked up
at Lan with gratitude.

"That was the best meal I've had in my life," Sata said. Kaia
enthusiastically agreed. "I couldn't eat another bite!"

"Should we have saved some for Arla?", Kaia asked, trying to guess why Lan
looked so uncomfortable.

"Oh no, we have plenty of food and there's even more being loaded now."

"Lan, did we do something wrong?", Kaia asked quietly.

"Heavens no, you two are absolutely perfect. I was just hoping that you might
save a little room for the soup, salad, main course, and dessert, but I am so
glad that you enjoyed the appetizer tray so much-" Lan stopped mid-sentence as
his face started to quiver.

"I am really sorry we ate all the appetizers. We'll be hungry again soon I
promise!" Kaia said trying to cheer up Lan, but he burst into tears, using the
bend in his elbow to cover his face.

Kaia sat down next to Lan and put her hand on his shoulder unsure of how to
console him. When Lan lifted his tear-soaked face to look at Kaia, she was
stunned to see the deep sorrow in eyes. There was clearly more to the story
than the appetizer tray. Lan gently leaned into Kaia for a hug, his body was
occasionally wracked by sobs as he unleashed a waterfall of emotion onto her
shoulder. When he stopped crying, he looked at Kaia lovingly.

Lan wiped his eyes and cleared his throat when he heard someone approaching.
Kaia and Sata's jaws dropped when they recognized who it was. Arla had let her
hair down and changed from her black jumpsuit into a simple dress and heels.

"How do I look?" Arla asked.

When Arla spun around to show off her costume change, Kata and Sata both
swooned. Sata covered Kaia's eyes with her hand. "Don't get too excited or you
might start hyperventilating, you creep." Kaia passed Sata a napkin. "Here,
wipe the drool off your face, you lecher." Lan was clearly
impressed. "Arluniapyzunia, you are a vision of beauty!" Arla blushed and
curtsied. "Come on everyone, we are about to lift off," Arla said waving for
them to hurry. "Let's go see the launch."

The airship had two observation decks, one in the front and one in the
rear. Each observation deck was a glass protrusion that extended out from the
metal hull of the airship. Lan led them to the aft observation deck so they
could see the last passengers boarding and any remaining supplies being loaded.

"There's Taz!" Arla exclaimed pointing towards Officer Kransal.

"And here come Iona, Ursa, Zek, and Zok." Lan said.

"Who are they?" Sata asked.

"They're all part of our performance group. Iona directs. Ursa and Zok act.
Zek writes." Lan answered. "Come on, I'll introduce you."

They went to the gangway to greet the new passengers. Taz stood guard over the
gangway as Iona, Ursa, Zek, and Zok boarded. They took their time going up the
gangway, as if in slow motion. Kaia could not believe how great they all
looked, but she tried to hide her amazement, because she did not want to make a
bad first impression.

"How are they all so tall?" Kaia asked, whispering.

"They're seniors," Lan whispered back. Kaia wondered if she and Sata would be
that tall in a few years. Maybe Sata, but Kaia doubted she would ever be
considered tall. As the new arrivals walked up in pairs, Lan introduced them,
starting with Iona and Zek.

Iona was cool, composed, and elegant. Her bright violet hair was cut short and
impeccably styled. She walked up the gangway like a model. Her tall and slender
frame was striking. Iona and Zek both wore expensive-looking suits, but next to
Iona, Zek looked looked like a tacky accessory that she wore sarcastically.
Zek's hair was a messy tussle of dark curls. His face was unshaven, two of his
coat pockets were flipped inside out, and one of his pants legs was inside his
sock. Iona remained expressionless while Zek seemed to be unimpressed with
everything he saw.

Ursa appeared to be the polar opposite of Iona. While Iona was reserved, Ursa
was giddy, bouncing up down, and swinging from Zok's arm. She had very long,
fiery orange hair that seemed to have a life of its own. Zok had the same hair
as Zek, but much shorter so the curls were less noticeable. Ursa and Zok were
wearing athletic clothes and looked incredibly fit and muscular, appearing to
be twice as wide as Iona and Zek, while still being just as tall. Kaia had the
impression that Ursa and Zok were too perfect to be real. They looked like a
retouched photograph in motion.

When Lan turned and introduced Kaia and Sata, Kaia became self-conscious. She
realized that she had not looked in a mirror since before the initiation
rite. Kaia relaxed a little when everyone greeted her warmly and seemed not to
mind her appearance. Ursa waved, grinned at them, and ran up to Sata and Kaia.

"So nice to meet you! I hope we're going to be best friends!" Ursa said
enthusiastically. Iona walked up next to Ursa and attempted a smile. Clearly,
smiling was not something Iona did often or well, but it was the thought that
counted. Zek and Zok took up positions on either side of Iona and Ursa. They
seemed to be striking a dramatic pose. Kaia suddenly became very aware of how
she was standing.

Officer Kransal walked up gestured for them to move. "Clear the cargo bay and
strap in, we're taking off." Kaia was following everyone out of the cargo bay
when she felt a strange sensation. She turned around and caught a glimpse of
Fera and the Principal on a motorcycle through the closing cargo bay doors.

Kaia grabbed Sata and Arla by the arm. "It's Fera! She's still down there!"
When Sata and Arla looked, Fera was no longer visible.
"Clear the cargo bay now! We're airborne!" Officer Kransal yelled.

Kaia grabbed Officer Kransal's arm and pleaded for help. "Please our friend is
down there. The school Principal too."

Officer Kransal turned away and touch his earpiece. "Cockpit, this is aft
guard. Do you have visual of anyone on the ground?"

"Understood," Officer Kransal said releasing her earpiece. "They say there's no
one down there."

"No, I saw them!" Kaia yelled.

Sata gently took Kaia's arm and spoke to her softly. "Did you really see them,
Kaia? Or maybe you only thought you saw them?"

Kaia ripped her arm away from Sata and ran up the stairs to the observation
deck. Once there, Kaia started feverishly looking for Fera on the ground. Sata
and Arla ran in after her, and started to help her look. Soon, they were so
high up in the air that the city looked like a tabletop model. Kaia fell to her
knees and struck at the glass with her fists.

"We left them! We left them behind to die!" Kaia screamed, breaking into tears.

Sata and Arla exchanged glances, unsure of what to say or do. Sata walked up
and knelt next to Kaia. Sata gently shifted Kaia towards her, rested Kaia's
head on her lap, and stroked Kaia's hair as Kaia continued to bawl.

"The fireworks are about to start!" Lan proclaimed as he led everyone onto the
observation deck. The city became illuminated by a series of explosions. Kaia
lifted her head as the observation deck was bathed in red light. Kaia stood up
and walked over to Officer Kransal.

"Do you think they made it out in time?" Kaia asked Officer Kransal.

"If anyone was still on the ground when we took off they had no chance of
leaving the city in time."

"Are you sure? They were on a motorcycle."

"There's no way. Getting out of the blast zone by motorcycle would take hours."

Kaia began crying anew. Officer Kransal tried to reason with her. "We waited as
long as we could. The pilots confirmed that there was no one down there."

Kaia's head began to spin. She looked down and saw the red glow coming from the
city turn to white as they broke through the clouds. The white light bathing
the observation deck began to dim as the glass surrounding them became covered
with dust. Kaia looked up and saw the dust trickle through the cracks in the
glass above. She raised her hands to catch the falling dust. Metallic
tendrils snaked up her forearms and caressed the dust as it gathered in her hands.

A scream from below caught Kaia's attention. Fera extended her hands upwards
and she sank into the dust below. Kaia knelt down to grab Fera's hand but dust
began to pour from in between the tendrils wrapping Kaia's arms and Fera soon
disappeared in the dust at Kaia's feet. Kaia leapt into the dust after Fera.
The dust stopped Kaia's body like a brick wall, but her spirit flew through the
dust in search of Fera.

Kaia found Fera in a room that was filled with light and buzzing with
energy. Fera was being protected from the dust by metallic tendrils. Kaia
recognized the tendrils as extensions of her body. She commanded the tendrils
to surge towards the walls, keeping the dust at bay. Kaia knew what she had to
do to save Fera. She lashed out against the walls, ripping them open. The dust
stopped accumulating as it spread out in all directions.

Sata appeared and tried pull Kaia back to the observation deck. Kaia pushed
Sata away, refusing to go back to her body. She was angry at Sata for not
believing her. Kaia turned around when she heard Fera scream. Fera started to
scream again, but her mouth was filled with dust. Kaia held Fera in her
tendrils, but soon there was nothing left of Fera except a skeleton, and then
even skeleton turned into dust and was carried away by the wind.

Kaia spun towards Sata. If Sata had believed Kaia, Fera would still be alive.
Enraged, Kaia wrapped her tendrils around Sata's neck and squeezed. Sata
pleaded, saying that she would never doubt Kaia again. The pleas for mercy
weakened and then disappeared as Sata lost consciousness. Kaia released the
tendrils and Sata fell the floor. Kaia tried to pick Sata up but her hands
passed right through Sata. Sata began to fade away.

Kaia grabbed Sata with her tendrils and flew back to her body. On the dusty
observation deck, Ursa and Iona were trying to resuscitate Kaia and Sata. Kaia
knew that their efforts would be futile until she put their spirits back in
their bodies. Kaia gingerly reconnected Sata's body and spirit, then watched as
Ursa alternated between pressing down on Sata's chest and breathing into Sata's
mouth.

Sata opened her eyes. Looking at Ursa, Sata said, "You smell really, really
good. Are you an angel?" Ursa started crying in relief and embraced Sata,
placing her cheek on Sata's forehead. Kaia was so touched by the scene that she
forgot about going back to her own body. A jolt of electricity snapped Kaia out
of her trance. Kaia looked around for the source of the electric shock and saw
Iona applying a defibrillator to Kaia's chest.

Flying back into her body, Kaia tried to restart her own heart without any
luck. Another charge from the defibrillator got Kaia's heart beating, but also
knocked Kaia's spirit out of sync with her body. Kaia flailed her arms and legs
as she tried to draw in a breath. Her body and spirit moved independently,
making it seem like Kaia had four arms and four legs.

The four arms and legs turned into tentacles as Kaia morphed into an
octopus. Kaia reached in all directions in search of water. How could she
breathe if she did not have water? Iona pinched the top and bottom of Kaia's
beak, forcing it open and breathing into her mouth. Air? What was an octopus
supposed to do with air? Kaia needed water!

The air was cool and sweet. Iona's lips were cold, but felt so soft on Kaia's
hard beak. Iona was methodical and efficient as she worked tirelessly to save
Kaia. Kaia felt so grateful to be the focus of Iona's attention and
concern. Iona was so kind to go to all this trouble to save a lowly octopus.

As Iona drew in another breath, Kaia wrapped her tentacles around Iona's head
and pulled her into a deep kiss. Iona let out the breath as her eyes widened in
surprise. The observation deck was filled with gasps and applause. Kaia opened
her eyes and saw her hands framing the side of Iona's surprised face. Still
lip-locked with Kaia, Iona was frozen in shock.

"Wow Kaia, you really know how to make the best of every situation," Sata said
laughing.

Turning to Ursa and gesturing towards Kaia, Sata said, "That girl does not
waste any time. Be careful!"

Kaia broke away from Iona and rested her head back down on the floor. Her
cheeks were burning with embarrassment. _What a way to make a first
impression!_ Kaia thought.

Sata appeared at Kaia's side. "Was it that good? You look like you are in
heaven."

Sata pulled Ursa next to her. "I was saved by an angel too, but you're starting
to make me jealous."

Ursa seemed a little uncomfortable. "Is she always like this?"

Kaia nodded. "She likes to diffuse tension with humor."

Sata and Ursa helped Kaia to her feet.

"Sata was right, you do smell really nice," Kaia blurted out to Ursa.

Ursa blushed. Sata looked at Kaia suspiciously. "You heard that? Weren't you
unconscious? Or were you just faking it so you could kiss Iona."

"I'm still a little lightheaded," Kaia said trying to evade the questions.

"Oh no, you're not getting off the hook that easily. How could you have heard
what I said?"

Officer Kransal saved Kaia from having to answer the question. "The airship was
sabotaged. I did the pre-flight checks myself before we took off and no one has
disembarked since then, which means the saboteur is still be onboard."

"Maybe you sabotaged the airship?" Zek asked.

"Everyone is a suspect until we rule them out," Taz said.

Kaia was concerned. "Do we have time for an investigation? Isn't the airship
going down?"

"The autopilot can keep us in the air for a few hours. I'll make sure we all
get off safely AFTER we identify the saboteur. The two pilots were locked in
the cockpit since take off, so it has to be one of the nine passengers. The
main suspects are Lan and Zek, since they left the group sometime while we were
watching the explosion. Before we go look for them I want to hear alibis,
starting with the people who boarded first."

"Arla, Kaia, and I have been together since we boarded," Sata lied. Kaia was
worred that Officer Kransal noticed her surprise, there was no way to read his
expression behind his balaclava and sunglasses. Arla looked touched that Sata
would lie to protect her, but Kaia was not sure if lying was such a good idea.

Officer Kransal nodded. "Lan, Arla, Sata, and Kaia have a strong alibi, though
we cannot rule out that all three of them are saboteurs."

"Ursa, Zek, and I were together the whole time too," Iona said.

"Yes, I was with you since boarding as well," Taz said. "Everyone stay here.
I'm going to look for Lan and Zok. If they come back before I do, call me
immediately." Officer Kransal gave Iona a hand-held communicator.

"Wait," Kaia said wrestling with her conscience. "I think it was me."

Sata shook her head. "Kaia, you were with me the whole time. There's no way you
could have sabotaged the ship."

"I did it with my mind while I was unconscious," Kaia blurted out. "I didn't
mean to, it was an accident."

Everyone paused and looked at Kaia with a mix of shock and concern.

"If anyone leaves the observation deck, they become a suspect," Officer Kransal
said and then walked away to look for Zok and Lan.

"Didn't he hear me?" Kaia asked.

Ursa approached Kaia and began leveraging her interpersonal skills. "We all
heard you, Kaia. We all believe that you believe that you're responsible, but
you're not. It's just not possible. You just sustained a head wound, well
actually it was your face, but that still counts."

"My face?" Kaia asked.

"You jumped head first into the observation deck floor. It looked like you were
trying to jump through the glass." Kaia knew what Ursa meant. She remembered
diving into the dust after Fera. It was embarrassing to think of how it must
have looked to everyone.

"Stay here and keep them safe," Iona said. "Zek and I are going to find Lan and
Zok."

"I want to look for Zok and Lan too. I'm really good at stealth. I used to be a
spy, after all."

"Protect Arla, Kaia, and Sata, we'll find Zok and Lan," Iona said interrupting Ursa.

"If you leave, you'll be suspects too," Kaia warned.

"We have to make sure Officer Kransal doesn't hurt Lan and Zok," Iona said and
turned to leave.

After Iona and Zek left, Ursa, Kaia, and Sata stood in silence a bit before
Sata let loose the question that had been on her mind since she first saw Ursa.

"If someone works out, does it make their boobs look bigger?" Sata asked.

"Yeah, I guess, but every body is diff-" Ursa started to answer before Sata
interrupted her.

"Because it looks like you work out... a lot!" Sata said making a slightly lewd
gesture in front of her chest.

Kaia gave Sata a disapproving look. "Sata, now is not the time."

"If we're going to crash, I want to die as I have lived, a free spirit," Sata
said, paraphrasing Voltairine de Cleyre.

Ursa was quick to reassure them. "We're not going to die. I will make sure you
stay safe."

Iona and Zek returned with Zok and Lan.

Ursa leapt towards Zok. "Where were you?"

"The lavatory."

"Both of you?"

"Yes, I guess we both need to go at around the same time."

"What a coincidence," Ursa said flatly.

"Lan and Zok are back," Iona said into the communicator.

When Officer Kransal returned he immediately started to question Zok and Lan.
He was not satisfied with their bathroom alibi, but did not have any evidence
against them. After a brief interrogation, Officer Kransal explained the plan.

"We're not going to the refugee camp until the investigation is concluded.
We'll parachute down and make our way to the planned crash site."

Officer Kransal looked around the room. "Who has skydived before?"

Iona, Ursa, Zok, and Zek raised their hands.

"Good, each of you should pair up with someone without experience and jump in
tandem."

"I can jump with Kaia," Ursa offered.

"I'll jump with Sata in that case," Iona said.

"Who's going to jump with lil' ol' me?" Lan asked making a dramatic gesture and
glancing over at Zok. Zok looked around the room obliviously until Zek nudged him.
Zok stepped forward and struck a heroic pose. "I'll do it."

"My hero!" Lan exclaimed, putting his folded hands under his chin.

"No way, you two are still the primary suspects," Officer Kransal said.

Zek did not hesitate to defend his brother. "Just let them jump
together. They're not going to run off into the wilderness together. Maybe Zok
could survive out there, but Lan wouldn't. He is like a delicate flower."

"Will you jump with me, Officer?" Arla asked. Officer Kransal nodded and seemed
to forget about his previous objections to Zok and Lan jumping in tandem.

"I guess I'll just jump on my own." Zek said, pretending to be very sad.
Officer Kransal brought up a map of the terrain on the wall of
observation deck and explained the plan.

"Our drop zone is an ancient university. The planned crash site is an
artificial lake that was once an ancient stone quarry. We'll jump in pairs,
except for Zek, and then rendezvous by the road that led down into quarry. Any
questions?"

Zek raised his hand. "Won't there be World Heritage robots patrolling the
university?"

"The buildings in the drop zone were all built in the early 21st century of the
common era. The patrols are focus on the older parts of the city. Even though
there shouldn't be any patrols, try to land in the northeast part of the campus
and then immediately take shelter in the forest surrounding the artificial
lake. Remember, the robots only kill people who are standing on man-made
structures. If you see a patrol, run and hide in the forest or a field with
tall grass, and if you can't run, try to climb a tree. Anything else?

"What about Driads?"

"The forest around artificial lake is sparse, so it is unlikely, but if you
encounter Driads, do not try to run. They may shoot arrows at the ground in
front of you as a warning. Back away slowly and try to continue to rendezvous
point along the edge of the forest."

Sata summarized the situation. "If we're in the city, robots could kill us, and
if we're in forest, Driads could kill us."

"It would be safer to parachute into the refugee camp," Iona said.

"Safer for us maybe, but we could be putting everyone in the refugee camp in
danger. We need to isolate ourselves from the other evacuees until we know who
sabotaged the ship and why."

Ursa took Kaia by the arm and led her to the cargo bay. "Don't worry, you're in
really good hands. I've skydived dozens of times on missions, hundreds of times
recreationally, and thousands of times in virtual reality. I'm a real
adrenaline junkie."

"On missions?" Kaia asked, not sure if she was hearing things again.

Ursa looked flustered. "The truth is I'm a spy. Wait, I was a spy. I'm not
anymore, but I still remember all of my training. I have a really good memory."

Kaia had no idea if Ursa was kidding, but she was reassured by how confidently
Ursa carried herself. In the cargo bay, they laid out 4 tandem chutes and one
solo chute. Officer Kransal took off his armor and started to attach a large
chute on each shoulder. He looked much smaller without the armor, though he was
still very authoritative and intimidating. Arla stood next to Officer Kransal
and watched him work. Kaia noted with surprise that Arla was much taller than
Officer Kransal.

Kaia stared at Arla and Officer Kransal as she thought about their differences
in height and age. Arla was a junior, so she must be about 16. How old was
Officer Kransal? In his 20s or 30s? It was hard to tell because always wore his
balaclava and dark sunglasses. If she's taller than him now, then in a few
years...

"I don't think you're going to understand anything they're saying." Kaia
snapped out of it and turned her attention back to Ursa.

"They're speaking Lunker. Oh, I'm not sure if that's what it's called, but they
have their own language and it's very different than the one we speak. But
don't worry, I'll explain everything about skydiving to you!"

Lan and Sata moved closer to listen as Ursa gave Kaia instructions.

"When we're exiting, hold onto your harness and keep your chin up. Do not try
to grab onto anything. When we're in freefall, arch your back and try to enjoy
it. After I open the chute, we'll slow down fast. It should be pretty smooth
but it's OK to get a little scared. When we're landing, you need to keep your
legs up. Think of an airplane landing. The back wheels have to touch down
first."

"Did you get all of that?" Iona asked Sata.

"Yes, but I still want to hear you say it," Sata replied.

Iona repeated everything Ursa had said, but more than twice as fast, faster
than seemed humanly possible.

"Is it all clear now?"

Sata smiled mischievously. "One more time should do it."

Iona started to repeat everything again, but Kaia interrupted her. "Sata is
joking. We all heard the instructions."

Iona began to chastise Sata. "The instructions are no laughing matter. If you
bring your legs down during landing you could twist an ankle or break a leg."

"I love it when you reprimand me," Sata said with a sigh. "If I step out of
line again, make sure to really give it to me good."

Iona paused and seemed uncertain of how to respond. Kaia felt sorry for Iona
and tried to explain. "Sata is joking again. She thinks it's hilarious to flirt
with girls."

"How do you know I'm joking?" Sata asked Kaia while keeping her eyes
fixed on Iona.

"Sata, stop it. You're taking this too far."

"Do you think I've gone too far, Iona? Have I been naughty? Maybe you should
punish me to teach me a lesson," Sata cooed.

"I can punish you as needed after we land," Iona said dryly. "Right now we need
to get strapped in and read to jump."

"Aye Aye, Captain," Sata said saluting Iona.

They put on jumpsuits over their clothes and lined up with their partners. Ursa
put on their chute and harness, then helped Kaia put on the harness and handed
her a pair of goggles. Kaia looked over at Sata, who was smiling devilishly
again. Kaia could tell that Sata was thinking of many new jokes, but luckily
Sata kept them to herself.

Taz was once again in his armor and yelled out the final instructions. "The
exit order is Arla and me, Lan and Zok, Kaia and Ursa, Sata and Iona, and
finally Zek. Wait ten seconds between jumps. Hit it Zek!"

Zek was standing off to the side with his solo chute. He opened the cargo bay
door. When the air started to rush past her face, Kaia began to tremble.

"Hold to your harness, like this," Ursa said crossing Kaia's hands in front of
her chest.

"Could you put your arms around me like that again?" Kaia asked meekly,
embarrassed that she was so scared. Ursa obliged. After Lan and Zok jumped,
Kaia tried desperately to count down from the ten, but the numbers got all
muddled in her head. Near the edge, Kaia started to backpedal instinctively.
Luckily, Ursa was a lot stronger and knew what she was doing. Ursa lifted Kaia
up off the ground and jumped out into the sky.

Kaia struggled to breathe. The wind was really loud. Ursa yelled something
encouraging, but Kaia could not understand her, because the sound was muffled
by the water. Kaia looked around at the sea creatures surrounding her. The
fish, turtles, and sharks took no interest in her, but a lone eight-eyed
octopus stared at her intently. The octopus spread out its tentacles and
changed its colors in pattern as if communicating with Kaia. Somehow she could
understand the pattern. Kaia spread out her tentacles, as the octopus had
done. She felt her body relax.

_Why are you helping me? Are you my spirit animal?_ Kaia thought. The octopus
changed colors to let Kaia know that it was very silly to try to talk to an
octopus the same way she would a person. Kaia understood and tried to ask again
but this time by changing her colors. The octopus responded by rapidly changing
colors. Kaia could only make out part of the message. "You... listen...
follow... find..."

Content with itself, the octopus began to swim away. Kaia tried to swim after
it, but a net came up from under her and yanked her out of the water. Kaia
fought to break free of the net, trying to grab onto the sides with her
tentacles and push her way up and out.

"You're OK!" Ursa shouted.

Kaia flashed her colors angrily. How could she be OK when she was caught in a
net?

"Kaia, when we are close you need to be able to pick up your legs!"

"All of them?"

"Yes, all of them!" Ursa answered. "Can you practice it for me? Show me you can
lift your legs."

Kaia tried to raise her legs, but they were tangled in the net. Kaia realized
the task would be easier if she had fewer legs, so she switched from radial to
bilateral symmetry by folding space in half twice like a piece of
paper. Focusing only on two legs, Kaia pulled them from the net and lifted them
into the air.

"You did it! That's great, Kaia!"

"It's trivial to lift two legs! Lifting eight legs simultaneously is much
harder," Kaia said.

"OK Kaia, I'm not sure what you mean, but you don't have to worry about my
legs. Just lift up your two legs when I tell you."

Kaia looked down. Below her, she saw water, glorious and blue.

"We're going to miss the water!" Kaia shouted.

"That's the idea. A water landing would be really dangerous. We could drown!"

"Drown?! How could an octopus drown?" Kaia scoffed.

"Kaia, I'll get you to the water, if that's what you want, but first we need to
land at the university. You just have to trust me."

Kaia felt she could trust the voice behind her. The person holding the net did
not mean her any harm and had promised to return Kaia to the water. Kaia felt
relaxed.

"OK, Kaia, get ready. Lift your legs when I say 'legs up'. Ready? Legs up! Legs
up! Legs up!" `Lift your legs, Kaia!`

When they landed, Ursa started to quickly remove the harness. Once they were
both free, Ursa pulled Kaia and the harness towards the woods, pulling the
parachute after her. As soon as they were safely hidden in the trees, Ursa
dropped the harness and turned to Kaia.

"Kaia, you did really great. We're safe now. Do you still think you are an
octopus?" `What's the connection between you and octopuses?`

Kaia answered the two questions in order. "Do you think you could maybe not
tell the others about the octopus thing?" _I don't know._

"Oh sure, I am great at keeping secrets. I was a spy for many years and never
divulged a single secret."

"Do you tell everyone that you're a former spy?"

"No. It appears that you know a secret about me, and I know a secret about you.
Let's promise to keep each other's secrets forever."

Kaia nodded. Ursa spit noisily into her hand and extended it to Kaia. The look
of Kaia's face told Ursa that she needed to explain.

"To seal the promise, we each spit in our palms and then shake hands."

"That's disgusting."

"If you prefer, we can seal the promise in blood, instead of spit."

"Can we just not seal the promise?"

"Come on, are you really going to leave me hanging here with spit on my hand?"

"I don't know how to spit."

"Just do your best. It's OK if its all saliva and no phlegm."

Kaia released a small drop of spit onto her palm.

"Come on, you can do better than," Ursa cajoled. Kaia spit into her hand until
her mouth was dry and then extended it to Ursa. Ursa shook Kaia's hand heartily.

"Now we are spit sisters," Ursa proclaimed with the utmost gravity.

After the handshake, Kaia quickly wiped her hand on her jumpsuit.

"Hey, you can't waste perfectly good spit like that!"

"What am I supposed to-"

Ursa rubbed the spit from her hand all over the side of Kaia's face.

"It's really good for your skin!" Ursa said laughing.

Kaia looked horrified.

"Don't look at me like that. We can go wash off in the lake." Ursa grabbed Kaia
by the hand and began to run. Kaia could barely stay on her feet as Ursa deftly
moved between the trees. They stopped in front of a cliff overlooking the lake.
Having grown up in the city, Kaia had never seen anything like it. Kaia walked
up to the edge and stared at the trichromatic landscape. The blue of the water
was separated from the green of the trees by a band of craggy rocks.

"What a beautiful view," Kaia said in wonder.

"Stop it, your making me blush," Ursa answered.

Kaia turn around to see that Ursa had stripped down to her underwear. Ursa was
not the least bit timid. She turned slightly sidewise, put one hand on her hip,
ran the other hand through her hair, and froze so that Kaia could get a good
look. "What are you doing?" Kaia said averting her eyes.

"We can't swim in our clothes. They'd get all wet. And you don't have to look
away. It's like we're going to the swimming pool or the beach."

Ursa reached for the zipper of Kaia's jumpsuit, but Kaia pulled away.

"OK Kaia, we need to get you clean. Your nose is still a bit bloody and someone
rubbed spit all over the side of your face. I can close my eyes if you like,
but we have to get you into that water."

"How do I know you won't peek?"

"Pinky promise," Ursa said offering her pinky to Kaia. "It's almost as serious
as the spit shake. It goes blood oath, spit shake, and pinky promise,"
Ursa said showing the levels in the hierarchy with her hand.

When Kaia and Ursa joined their pinkies, Ursa said, "I pinky promise that I
won't open my eyes until you tell me too. If I peek, you can break my pinky
with a rock." Ursa covered her eyes with her hands. "Let me know when you're
ready and we can head down to the water."

Kaia leaned forward to make sure that Ursa's eyes were completed covered, but
she got distracted by Ursa's impressive physique. Ursa's undergarments were
fiery red. Each bra cup had a pair of dragon girls sitting leaning their winged
backs against each other, intertwining their scaly tails, and clasping their
taloned hands together. The innermost dragon girls were tilting their horned
heads backwards and breathing fire upwards to create the flaming straps of the
bra. Similarly, the outermost dragon girls breathed fire to the sides to make
the wings of the bra. An identical pattern of lateral fire breathers adorned
Ursa's undies. `Kaia, you're staring.` _Quiet, I'm just making sure she's not
going to peek._

Kaia undressed quickly. After putting her clothes and goggles next to Ursa's
things, Kaia walked back towards Ursa. Kaia's undergarments were decorated with
cartoons of dead white mice in the snow, just like her favorite shirt. The
straps and wings of her bra were made of snowflakes. _It's weird that you're
describing my underwear._ `Don't worry, I'm going to delete the description
before pushing my narration to the database.` _Everything you say goes into a
database?!_ `Yes, I'm part of a government surveillance program, but I am very
careful to remove anything that could be dangerous for us.` _What do you mean
by 'dangerous for us'?_ `If anyone finds out that we can communicate, we will
both have our brains dissected.`

"Kaia, are you almost ready?" Ursa asked. "I am starting to think that you are
just standing there and staring at me in my underwear." Kaia had follow-up
questions for Nara, but she did not want to keep Ursa waiting. Putting her
hands of Sata's well defined shoulders, Kaia started to guide her down to the
water.

Suddenly, Ursa turned and scooped Kaia up into her arms. "On second thought,
let's take the fast way down." While keeping her eyes closed, Ursa started
walking towards the cliff. "Tell me when I should jump."

"Ursa, no! I don't want to jump."

Ursa started picking up speed and had no trouble running with Kaia in her arms.
"Tell me when to jump or we aren't going to clear the rocks." `Kaia, she's not
joking. You have to time it right.`

"You're crazy, put me down. Stop! OK, jump! Jump now!"

Kaia screamed as Ursa leapt off the edge of the cliff. It was nothing like
jumping out of a plane. For a moment, they were hanging in the air above the
lake. Then, they started to drop like in a roller coaster. Kaia held onto Ursa
for dear life, but when they hit the water, they separated. Floating back to
the surface, Kaia began to breathe very fast. The water was quite cold.

"Kaia, are you alright?" Ursa asked with her eyes still closed.

"No, I'm freezing."

"I was pretty sure you would ask me to open my eyes. I guess you're more
worried about me checking you out than the rocks shattering our bones."

"I'm beginning to reassess my priorities."

"Does that mean I can open my eyes now?"

"Yes, you can open your eyes."

"Kaia, you still have a bit of dried blood under your nose. No, the other side.
Pretend I'm a mirror. There, you got it. Sata will be happy to see you
sparkling clean."

"What do you mean?"

"It's obvious that you have a special connection. The thing that happened on
the airship. It's like you two are soulmates. Are you two an item?"

"I don't know."

"Come on, you can tell me. We're spit sisters now!"

"No, I really don't know. Sata and I have known each other since we were
little. I'm not sure how she really feels about me. I'm afraid that if I tell
her that I like her more than as a friend, it'll ruin our friendship."

"You need to talk to her about how you feel. Right now."

"No, I can't."

"It's the perfect opportunity. We're surrounded by beautiful vistas, the sun is
going to be setting soon, and when the airship crashes, we'll have some fireworks.
You couldn't ask for a more romantic setting. Just tell her that she means a
lot to you. You don't have to use the L word."

Thinking of Sata, Kaia grinned. "Lesbian?"

"Shut up, you know what I mean. The four-letter L word!"

Kaia grinned even broader. Sata had taught her well. "Lick? Lewd? Lube?"

Ursa splashed Kaia. "If only the water could clean your dirty mind. Come on,
Sata is waiting for you. I'll go get our clothes."

Kaia was amazed at how fast Ursa could swim. Ursa was already waiting with
their clothes by the time Kaia reached the shore.

"Here, use my jumpsuit to dry off."

"How are you not cold?" Kaia asked shivering

"Cold water exercises were part of my spy training."

"Is that a joke? I'm starting to think you really were a spy." Wrapping Ursa's
jumpsuit around her shoulders.

"Lemme show you what else I can do." Ursa dropped their clothes a few steps
behind Kaia, put on her gloves, bent her knees, and thrust out her palms half a
meter away from Kaia. An explosion of hot air knocked Kaia back onto the pile
of clothes. Ursa caught Kaia by the hands to keep her from tumbling backwards.

"How did you do that?"

"I can channel energy."

"Spy training?"

"It's something I was born with, but I had to train to control it. Do you feel
less cold now?"

"Yes, that's amazing. You have superpowers! You knocked me back and then caught
me before I fell. How can you move so fast?"

"Another thing I was born with. Now get up off of our clothes. They're going to
get all wrinkly."

Kaia put on her clothes quickly, but she really did not feel cold anymore. Kaia
and Ursa started to walk towards the rendezvous point.

"I told you about Sata and me. Now, you have to tell me about you and Zok."

Ursa looked a bit flustered. "It's a bit complicated."

"Are you two not together?"

"Officially, yes, but really we're polyam."

"What's polyam?"

"Polyamorous is when someone is romantically involved with more than one person."

"Who's the other person?"

"It's more than one person."

"Who? Lan? Zek? Iona?"

No, not Lan. He's only interested in Zok."

"You, Zok, Zek, and Iona are together?"

"Yes, it's nice because I'm not alone whenever Zok runs off with Lan."

Kaia's head was reeling from this new information.

"Four people is great. We all take care of each other and we can pass as two
monogamous couples whenever we want. The only problem is that sometimes when we
vote there's a tie. If you and Sata ever want to give polyamory a try, just let
us know. I would vote for both of you to join, even though going from four
people to six people wouldn't give us a tiebreaker."

"Thanks, but I think a relationship with one person is all I'll be able to
handle."

"I'm going to be cheering for you and Sata."

On the way to the rendezvous point, Ursa gave Kaia some advice on how to talk
to Sata. Kaia and Ursa walked down to the rendezvous point, where Iona, Sata,
and Zek were sitting on logs by a fire. Iona and Zek slid apart, freeing up a
spot in between them, and reached out their arms to Ursa. Ursa sat down in
between them. Iona and Zek put their heads on Ursa's shoulders and squeezed her
tightly. Ursa basked in the pincer strike of affection, rubbing her cheeks
against their heads. In the meantime, Sata started peppering Kaia with
questions.

"Kaia, What took you so long? I was worried. Where were you? Why is your hair
wet? Did you go swimming? Did Ursa put the moves on you? Did you put the moves
on her?"

"I'll tell you everything, but first I want to show you a place with a great
view." Kaia took Sata by the hand and led her to a secluded spot overlooking
the water. Sata was obviously very happy to see Kaia.

"I missed you. I had fun teasing Iona, but then she started cuddling with Zek.
Officer Kransal went to look for Zok and Lan, because they never showed up, and
Arla went with him. It was awkward being the third wheel to the Iona-Zek
bicycle."

"I think it's less of a bicycle and more of a four-wheeler."

"What? I think you lost me with that analogy."

Kaia put one hand on Sata's shoulder and gestured out at the lake with the
other. "When you look out on the water, what do you feel?"

Sata thought about it for a while. "I feel wonder, peace, and hope."

Kaia leaned in. "That's how I feel when I look at you."

Sata was taken aback. "Whoa, where did you get that line from?"

Kaia blushed. "I wanted to talk to you, but I was really nervous and worried,
so Ursa gave me some advice."

Sata began to reprimand Kaia. "You don't need to take advice from other people
on how to talk to me. Especially people we just met today. We grew up
together. We've been friends longer than I can remember. If you want to say
something to me, just say it."

Kaia looked at Sata apologetically. "I know. It's just that when I try to say
it, I panic, everything gets mixed up, and I can't say anything right."

"You don't need to worry about saying it right. You also don't need to say it
right now. Let's sit down and wait for the crash together."

Sata pulled Kaia by the hand to a rock that was large enough for both of them.
They sat down side-by-side facing the lake.

"It's a beautiful view," Sata said breaking the silence.

"You got that right," Kaia said looking at Sata. Sata cracked a smile. Kaia did
not saying anything else. The silence felt right. The falling airship became
visible in the sky. It emitted a low moan as it fell, like an animal dying
slowly in pain. Kaia reached out and took Sata's hand. Sata looked at Kaia. She
looked surprised but did not withdraw her hand. Kaia leaned in towards Sata.

"You're going to miss it." Sata said, not looking away from Kaia.

When the airship hit the water, Kaia lunged forward, grabbing Sata by the
collar of her jumpsuit and pulling her into a kiss that shook the world. Sata
opened her eyes in surprise but then closed them as she melted into the kiss.
The airship cracked in half and exploded.

A thin spray of water splashed them right before a deluge of hot air knocked
them flat on their backs onto the rock. With their heads and arms hanging
upside-down behind the rock, Kaia and Sata gazed into each other's eyes. Sata
reached out and touched the side of Kaia's face.

"Is that what you wanted to tell me?" Kaia nodded, closed her eyes, and rubbed
her cheek into Sata's hand. Sata cupped Kaia's face with her hands, touched her
forehead to Kaia's, touched Kaia's nose with her own, and finally kissed her
gently on her open, waiting lips. Kaia moaned. She felt hot and cold at the
same time. The rock was merciless against her spine. Her whole body began to
tingle as the blood rushed to her head.

Their first kiss had been a explosion of energy that been building up for a
long time. Over in an instant, that first kiss was so powerful that the
aftershocks still reverberated throughout their bodies. In contrast to the
first, their second kiss was mix of opposing stimuli like the fiery wreckage of
the airship in cool waters of the lake. Kaia and Sata were enveloped in burning
cold and freezing hot, oxymoronic sensations they could not have imagined.

When they broke from the kiss, Sata smiled. "Did we die? Are we in heaven?"

"I don't so. Otherwise, this rock would be a cloud."

"Yeah, my back is killing me."

"Do you want to try to get up?"

Kaia and Sata helped each other up. Once they were upright, they both got dizzy
as the blood rushed from their heads. They held onto each other, initially
because of the dizziness, but maintained their embrace even after the vertigo
subsided.

The light from the burning remains of the airship became more pronounced as the
sun set behind the trees. After the yellow and orange of sun disappeared, the
red and blue of the sky mixed to make purple and pink, complementing the green
of trees to complete the rainbow.

Kaia thought about telling Sata about becoming spit sisters with Ursa and
falling from the cliff in Ursa's arms, but all of that seemed insignificant and
irrelevant now. Even Ursa's superpowers felt unimportant compared to what had
just happened between Sata and Kaia. Sata was remarkable quiet, no lewd jokes,
no wry remarks, no prying questions. Kaia watched the myriad colors of the
sunset illuminate the look of contentment and happiness on Sata's face.

Released from the pressure of having to explain how she felt, Kaia curled up in
Sata's embrace and watched the airship burn in the center of the lake. For now,
nothing else needed to be said or done. Kaia felt complete and at peace. She
would be happy to spend an eternity in this moment. The view was breathtaking,
but seeing Sata safe and happy was far more precious to Kaia than the
picturesque landscape. No matter where she looked, Kaia saw Sata's smiling
face. Even when Kaia closed her eyes, Sata was there, smiling back at her, more
radiant than the sunset, more lush than the greenery, more peaceful than the
water, more gentle than the breeze.
