## Chapter 4: Birds of a feather

"Is that a person flying?"

"Flying might not be the right word. I'd say 'falling in slow motion'?"

"What about 'levitating'?"

Kaia and Sata had been watching people in scuba gear rappel down from hovering
airships into the water around the crashed airship for a while, but the latest
person to come down was moving diagonally instead of straight down. As Kaia and
Sata were trying to agree on the correct term to describe the person slowly
descending down to the ground, someone else fell like a rock out of the sky and
into the water.

"Did you see that?"

"Yeah, I'd call that 'falling in fast motion'."

"Maybe someone accidentally unclipped from their rappelling device?"

"Come on, let's go see find the others and find out why people are dropping
from the sky."

When Kaia and Sata arrived at the campfire, everyone was standing and looking
up at the sky. Lan and Zok had rejoined the group and Arla was standing next to
broad-shouldered, bearded man wearing slacks and a dress shirt. Once they were
closer, Kaia and Sata could see that the slow-falling person was a sharply
dressed young man being carried to the ground by two giant black birds. After
depositing the young man on the ground, the birds landed on either side of him
as he bowed deeply and said, "Greetings! I am Ben and behind me is my brother
Edl." Ben turned around to gesture at his brother, who was emerging from the
water behind him. Edl was enormous and looked ready to defend Ben if needed,
but he had a friendly expression on his chiseled face.

Ben gestured upwards heroically. "We are here to rescue you!"

"Look everyone, bird boy and the Loch Ness monster have come to save the day!"
Zek said mockingly.

"Are your birds going to fly us to refugee camp?"

"No, we'll be much more comfortable in our airship. We'll be on our way as soon
as the investigation of the crash has been completed," Ben explained.

"Maybe you're the one who sabotaged our airship?" Zek conjectured. "You know,
even if you killed all of us, the performance group would still have more
members than the maker group."

"That's not funny. The Maker Interest Group lost its Vice President and
quite possibly its Secretary today."

Arla rushed up to Ben. "Did something happen to Ral?"

"We do not know definitively, but he may have fallen victim to the explosion
along with our Vice President. There are no records of them evacuating the
city."

Arla started crying and took shelter in Officer Kransal's arms.
Lan began to cry too and leaned on Zok for support.

Kaia waited a moment before asking, "Do you if our friend Fera got out in time?"

Seeing the look of surprise on Ben's face, Sata elaborated on Kaia's question.
"Fera's the girl with blue and green hair who staged the protest at the
initiation ceremony. Arla saw Fera leave with Ral before we left the school."

Ben cleared his throat nervously. "The last time we saw Fera, she was still in
the school with Ral and the Principal. We were tracking Fera's location and the
signal disappeared inside the city during the explosion."

Kaia tried to keep her voice from trembling. "I saw Fera in the city as we were
taking off. She was on a motorcycle with the Principal."

"Was Ral on the motorcycle with them?" Arla asked.

"I don't know. It only caught a glimpse of them," Kaia said, but she remembered
that there was someone lying unconscious on the motorcycle.

"Why did the pilots not see them?" Iona asked suspiciously.

The man standing next to Arla stepped forward. This was the first time that
Kaia and Sata had seen Officer Kransal in civilian clothing and without his
balaclava and sunglasses. He was about as tall as Kaia, but easily thrice as
wide. His well-groomed white beard seemed almost out-of-place on his incredibly
youthful face. Officer Kransal's tone was grave. "The pilots lied about not
seeing the motorcycle."

Kaia did not take any pleasure in being vindicated. "They saw Fera and still
left her?"

Officer Kransal nodded. "They said that they didn't have a choice. They were
under strict orders not to touch back down after liftoff, no matter what."

Kaia was furious. "When were you going to tell us that they lied?"

"I just found out myself. I was grilling the pilots about why they didn't
rendezvous here with us and they confessed."

"Kaia, I'm sorry I didn't believe you," Sata said softly. Kaia could tell that
Sata was genuinely sorry, but Kaia still felt angry. Kaia was angry at the
pilots for lying, at Sata for not believing her, and at herself for not being
able to discern hallucinations from reality.

"We left her there and now she's dead," Kaia said despondently.

Everyone sat around the campfire in silence. Zek pulled a net filled with glass
bottles out of the lake. "It sounds like more than a few of us could use a
drink," he said as he opened one of the bottles with a corkscrew he got from
his jumpsuit.

"I'm not sure now is a good time," Iona said.

"I'm not going to force anyone to drink, but we might as well have some wine
while we're waiting to be cleared to go to the refugee camp," Zek said, passing
the bottle to Ursa.

"We don't have any glasses," Ursa observed.

"We don't need glasses. We'll just take turns drinking straight from the
bottle. If you're worried about germs, the alcohol should take care of them."

Ursa shrugged, took a big swig, and passed the bottle on. Kaia and Sata had
never drank the wine before, but they were eager to try to see if it might dull
the horrible reality that they left Fera behind to die. Arla and Lan seemed to
be feeling the same way about Ral and appeared to try to drown their sorrow in
wine.

"Officer Kransal?" Lan asked, offering the bottle.

Officer Kransal took the bottle and smiled. "Please call me Taz when I'm not in
uniform." After taking a drink and passing the bottle on, Taz continued. "I've
been reassigned to the refugee camp. I will be working there undercover, posing
as an airship mechanic, so I would appreciate if you all did not mention to
anyone that I am strike force officer."

Everyone nodded in agreement. Ursa tried to reassure Taz that his secret was
safe. "I'm really great at working undercover and keeping secrets. After all, I
was a spy for many-"

Iona was quick to interrupt Ursa. "Zek, where did you get this wine?"

"I grabbed them before we jumped and kept them cool in the water when we got
here."

Iona furrowed her brow at Zek. "You had that many glass bottles in your
jumpsuit while skydiving? Do you know how dangerous that is?"

Zek shrugged. "I jumped solo, so I wasn't putting anyone else in danger. I took
the risk myself, but now we can all share the reward."

"Well, not everyone is sharing the reward," Ursa said looking at Iona, Ben, and
Edl.

Iona clenched her jaw. "I like to keep my senses sharp at all times."

"Edl and I don't drink alcohol, because it is against our religion," Ben
remarked, clearly happy to start a new conversation topic.

"What's your religion?" Kaia asked politely.

"Scenderism. We believe that the purpose of life is to prepare for the digital
afterlife. Drinking alcohol is counterproductive to that goal." Ben answered.

"Do you put your brains in vats like the EternalEnlightened?" Sata asked.

"No, Scenders do not need any physical form at all. When we scend, our bodies
and minds become completely decoupled. Until then, we must do our best to
preserve-"

Zek gleefully interrupted Ben. "Only the super rich can afford to scend. The
rest of us are going nowhere when we die, so can have fun without worrying
about the digital afterlife." Then, citing a proverb from a long-dead language,
Zek exclaimed, "Hulaj dusza, piek≈Ça nie ma!"

Ben was clearly trying to remain calm and composed, despite being quite upset.
"It is not a question of money. We have the required equipment here on Earth
and sufficient computational resources in orbital satellites. The main
obstacles to making scending universally available are related to ethics."

Kaia felt a bit confused. "So you could let everyone into the digital
afterlife, but you don't know if you should?"

"The digital afterlife is a community and new members must be unanimously
approved by all current community members. As the number of community members
increases, it becomes harder to secure a unanimous vote. Is it ethical to allow
someone to scend if they have no chance of being voted into the digital
afterlife? Their minds would occupy storage space while remaining inert,
inactive for eternity."

Sata offered a solution. "Could you have more than one afterlife?"

"That idea was considered and rejected. Each afterlife would need to be kept
separate and have its own dedicated computational resources. As the afterlives
gained members over time, there would almost certainly be competition for
resources that could erupt in war between the communities."

Kaia and Sata looked at each other, trying to imagine what what a war between
rival afterlives would look like. Kaia decided to ask a question she been
wrestling with for a long time. "If Scenders can live without their physical
bodies, could you bring back someone who died?"

Ben knew what Kaia was considering. "In theory, we could provide a new physical
body to someone who scended, but that would be a step in the wrong direction
according to Scenderism. The digital afterlife is free of suffering and allows
people to reach their full potential. Returning to the physical world would be
very counterproductive."

Kaia decided to ask her question directly. "Is there a chance that Fera might
have scended before the city exploded?"

Ben thought about his answer before responding. "If Fera had scended, we would
have known about it. Fera was exceptional, uniquely talented, but there was no
way she could have scended in time even if the required equipment was
available."

Kaia was downcast. "I wish I could have said goodbye. The last thing I said to
Fera was not very positive."

Ben nodded. "I know how you feel. We didn't exactly part on the best terms with
Fera. Edl and I are planning a remembrance ceremony tomorrow evening. I hope
that the ceremony will help us all to find some closure."

Edl whimpered and started crying. "Why did she do it, Ben? She was going to be
part of our group!"

While doing his best to console his brother, Ben tried to explain to the
others. "Fera started the school's self-destruct sequence and thus set off
chain reaction that destroyed the whole city."

"Why did Fera want to blow up the school?" Sata asked.

Ben provided his analysis. "I believe there were two major motivating factors.
First, destroying the school could have been a way for Fera to exert control
and lash out against authority. Second, it is my understanding that Fera was
trying to evidence of the changes she had made using the school's computer
systems."

"What changes did she make?" Kaia asked.

"Fera obtained full pardons for you, Sata, and herself. She also altered the
initiation ceremony recordings to show all three of you flawlessly completing
the initiation rite."

"Fera died after making sure we wouldn't have to go to prison or go through the
rite again?" Kaia broke down crying before Ben could answer her question. Sata,
Ursa, and Iona surrounded Kaia, hugging her from all sides and supporting her
physically and emotionally.

At the center of a circle of love, Kaia was feeling better. No howling winds.
No metallic tendrils. No skeletons crumbling into dust. She felt warm and safe,
surrounded by friends. Kaia felt so lucky to have amazing friends like Iona,
Ursa, and Sata. Even though Kaia only knew Fera for a very short time, Kaia was
sure that Fera would have been a great friend too. Kaia thought about how life
might have turned out if Fera had survived and become friends with her, Sata,
Iona, and Ursa.

Ben wiped tears from his eyes and began talking about Fera to no one in
particular. "She really was quite remarkable. The best Vice President, perhaps
even the best member, the MIG has ever had. At times, I forget that so was a
freshman. So much potential! Such great promise! I must admit that I was quite
fond of her. Even though a personal relationship between MIG Executives would
have been very unprofessional and a potential conflict of interest, I was
considering the possibility of Fera and I attending the same university and
perhaps even working in the same laboratory! When I would be finishing up my
postdoctoral training, Fera could be beginning her own. Instead of immediately
securing a faculty position, I could work in industry for a few years, so that
Fera and I could start on the track to tenure together. Tenure would guarantee
us both a lifetime of intellectually-stimulating scholarship and academic
productivity! Our worthiness of digital afterlife would be undeniable. We could
have continued to work together for the benefit mankind for eternity!" Ben was
breathing quickly by the end of his monologue. No one listening to him, but Ben
did not notice. He was lost in glorious visions of a future that could have
been.

Taz broke the silence. "The investigation of the crash site found no evidence
of sabotage. We are cleared for transport to the refugee camp."

"We might as well go," Zek said, "we've finished all of the wine."

"All of it?!" Iona exclaimed

"Yes. There were 4 bottles. 750ml per bottle. 8 people drinking. 375ml per
person. 12% alcohol. 45 grams of alcohol per person." Having arrived at the
solution, Zek announced the result to everyone. "According to my calculations,
the 8 of us all quite drunk."

Ursa laughed condescendingly. "Some of us drank more than others. You're a
lightweight who takes dainty little sips." Ursa began doing an impression of
Zek. "Look at me, I'm Zek. I like to drink tea from my little teacup with my
pinky raised."

Zok joined in on the fun and started mocking his brother. "My name is Zek. I
have to write down my dumb thoughts, because I am afraid of dying without a
legacy."

Zek looked hurt. "The struggle against the void is real. You feel it too, don‚Äôt
you? Every day I wrestle with the futility of existence and ask 'Why are we
still here? Just to suffer?'"

Ursa and Zok began to sing the "Sound of Silence" by Simon and Garfunkel, a
capella.

Ben saw opportunity to evangelize. "Scenders do not experience existential
crises. Those who are chosen to scend can work toward the betterment of
humanity forever." Ben said.

"If I had all the time in the universe, I doubt I could motivate myself to do
anything," Zek responded honestly.

"Are you in need of motivation? As a director, providing motivation is my
specialty." Iona grabbed the back of Zek's neck. "Your motivation is that you
are blissfully happy to simply be in my presence. Is that understood?" Holding
Zek's hair, Iona nodded his head for him.

"Yes, ma'am. Crystal clear," Zek said meekly.

"My motivation is to get everyone to the refugee camp," Ben said.

"The airship cannot land here, so you'll have to be lifted up to airship by the
rescue cables," Ben explained.

"You're not going with us?" Zek asked suspiciously.

"I'm going to go up that same way I came down," Ben said gesturing towards his
birds.

Everyone got up and started moving towards the spot indicated by Ben, but Lan
told them to stop.

"We can't just leave all of that wonderful food and drink!" Lan lamented
gesturing towards the crashed airship.

"Everything on board was probably destroyed." Iona said.

"We can ask the divers to go in again and check!" Lan implored.

"Recovering the cargo is a waste of the divers' time and an unnecessary risk,"
Taz explained.

"I'll go get some diving gear and go get the supplies myself," Lan said walking
defiantly towards a group of soldiers.

Iona gave Zok a gentle push. Zok approached Lan, who immediately started to
resist. "No, I won't go! You can't make me!"

Zok picked up and carried him to the cables dangling from a newly arrived
airship on his shoulder. "Let go of me, you brute! Just because you're strong
doesn't mean-" Zok began whispering into Lan's ear. Lan stopped struggling and
his eyes lit up. Kaia watched as Zok and Lan acted normal in a very conspicuous
manner.

After everyone (footnote: Edl, Iona, Kaia, Sata, Ursa, Zek, Zok, Lan, Taz,
Arla) was strapped into their respective harnesses, the cables began pulling
them upward. The broad, pale light illuminating them from above made it look
they were being abducted by aliens in low-budget movie about UFOs. Zok swung
closer to Zek and grabbed on to his harness. From the look on Zek's face, it
clear that Zok told him something that he did not like. Zek punched Zok right
in the face, braced his legs, and kicked Zok away.

Lan started swinging to build up to momentum towards Zek, ready to get revenge
for Zok. Spinning wildly out of control, Zok pushed off of whoever he could
trying to direct himself back towards Zek. Zek grabbed onto the cable and
started to climb it. Lan and Zok both swung at Zek, who brought up his legs up
high enough for Lan and Zok to swing harmlessly under. Zok pushed off of Lan
and they both swung around Edl in circles until the cables supporting the three
of them were intertwined like braided hair.

Lan pretended to be very dizzy, wrapped his arms around one of Edl's arms, and
wrapped his legs around one of Edl's legs. Zok climbed up Edl's body and
wrapped his arms around Edl's neck and his legs around Edl's waist. It looked a
baby and toddler were trying to take down the world's strongest man. Edl seemed
to have no clue what Zok and Lan were doing. He thought that it might be some
sort of game, but if it was, he had no idea how to play.

Kaia and Sata looked around for some clues as to what was going on. Ursa
appeared to be angry. She launched herself towards Zek and punched him right in
the gut. Zek looked very surprised as he folded in two and flew back from the
force of Ursa's blow. Iona and Ursa made eye contact right before fire erupted
from Iona's shoes and propelled her towards Ursa. As Iona and Ursa wrestled in
mid-air, the rockets in Iona's shoes swung them up and around until they were
wrapped up with Sata and Kaia.

Ursa put her arms around Kaia and Sata, bringing them in for a huddle and
whispering, "Zok thinks he can make me jealous by humping Edl's leg. I want to
show him what he's missing. Pretend you're have crazy, sexy fun." Iona
did not need any convincing and starting to tickle Ursa. Sata looked
at Kaia, shrugged, grabbed Ursa's hair, and blew a raspberry on her cheek. Ursa
laughed so hard that she snorted. Kaia felt pangs of jealousy, but mostly felt
like was missing out on the fun. She maneuvered herself into position next to
Iona, and placed her her mouth of Iona's neck intending to blow a raspberry on
Iona's neck, but she became smitten by Iona's smell and froze in place like the
world's most hesitant vampire.

Ursa unzipped her jumpsuit with one hand, grabbed Sata's hair with the other,
and pretended to try to drown Sata in her cleavage. When Sata came up for air,
she had the biggest smile on her wide face. Sata dove back into Ursa's cleavage
and pretended she was a pig eating from a trough, causing Ursa to laugh like
a maniac. Kaia saw this and was not sure what came over her. She gripped Iona
tighter and began to gently nibble on Iona's ear. When she heard Iona moan,
Kaia got excited and grabbed Iona's hair, pulling her head backward. When Kaia
saw a lone tear roll down Iona's cheek, she began to apologize to Iona for
hurting her, but she stopped apologizing when she saw the look on Iona's face.

Iona grabbed on to Kaia's harness and began to rub the tears on her cheeks onto
Kaia's face. Kaia felt oddly touched by this gesture. In Iona, Kaia saw her own
emotions being reflected back at her. Iona was so cool, composed, and in
control at all times, that seeing her cry stirred something deep inside Kaia.
Rubbing her face into Iona's face like a kitten begging to be stroked, Kaia let
loose the emotions she had been keeping inside.

As their tears mixed together, Kaia and Iona held each other's faces in their
hands. Kaia and Iona were on the same wavelength. They both felt sorrow and
also the rapture of cathartic release of emotions with someone who understood
and shared those emotions. Kaia felt grateful to Iona. Somehow, Kaia had
stumbled upon exactly what she needed. Kaia had no idea how to express her
gratitude. She began to gently kiss Iona's cheeks, absorbing Iona's tears with
her lips.

"I think those two misunderstood what I meant by crazy, sexy fun," Ursa
whispered to Sata.

"I dunno. I guess crying can be sexy. If you're into that kinda thing. And it
looks like they are really into it," Sata replied. "Do you want to try it?"

"I guess, but I can't really cry on command. I've cried on stage plenty of
times, but I have to get into character first and understand my character's
motivation."

"Your motivation is that someone just bit your boob," Sata said before burying
her face in the opening of Ursa's jumpsuit and chomping down. Ursa squealed and
lost control of her arms and legs. Sata started to laugh, but Ursa grabbed her
and looked into her eyes with a very serious expression. "Sata, do that again,
but this time pretend you're a shark tearing apart your prey. I want you to
really rip into me. Don't come back up until you taste blood." Sata looked
shocked, but then smiled mischievously. If this was a dream, Sata wanted to get
to the best part before she woke up.

As Sata channeled her inner shark, Ursa whispered violent words of
encouragement. "That's right, really sink your teeth into me. I want you to
leave me a scar to remember you by. Tear out a chunk and swallow it, so a piece
of me will be inside you forever." Ursa began to run her fingers through Sata's
hair, while Sata gnashed her teeth again Ursa's skin. When Sata hit a spot that
seemed to be particularly sensitive, Ursa threw her head back to let out a deep
guttural grunt.

All four girls were surprised when they felt their legs touching the ground.
They looked around and saw the confused, shocked faces of everyone around them.
Everyone was frozen in place. Arla was holding on to Officer Kransal. Zek,
still doubled over after being punched by Ursa, was kneeling in front of them.
Zok and Lan were still holding on Edl. Ben walked in and started in inquire
about the trip up from the ground, but stopped as his brain struggled to
process what he was observing.

"Is everyone alright? Why are the rescue cables so tangled?" Ben asked.

No one answered. Not everyone understood what had happened and those who did
were not up to the task of explaining it. Ben picked up on this and tried to
change the subject.

"We'll be landing at the refugee camp shortly. You will not need your harnesses
anymore, so can take them off whenever you're ready."

Kaia and Sata felt a little bit embarrassed when they realized everyone had
been looking at them the whole time. Ursa leaned in towards Sata and whispered,
"Next time, you'll know where to bite. I got shot there during a spy mission."
Sata laughed, assuming it was a joke since Ursa's skin was perfectly smooth and
devoid of anything that might resemble a battle scar. Ben led them to the fore
observation deck. The lights from the refugee camp was already visible.

"The airship must have crashed really close to the refugee camp," Kaia said.

"Yes, that's right. You could have walked there in a little less than an hour,
either through the forest or through the city, but that would have been
extremely dangerous.

"Because of the robots and the Driads?" Sata asked.

Ben nodded. "Yes, exactly. It is very important that you never try to leave the
refugee camp. The World Heritage Robots patrol the outside perimeter of the
camp and strike force officers inside the camp have orders to kill anyone
attempting to leave."

"Why would they kill people just for trying to leave?" Sata asked.

Taz was quick to explain. "It serves as a warning to others. Killing a few
aspiring runaways could save many lives if it discourages others from trying."

Ben gestured towards the consoles in the corners of the observation deck. "You
might want to rent a tent for the night before we land. There are plenty of
tents available, because most of camp residents cannot afford to rent them."

Kaia and Sata looked at each other. "We don't have any money. Do you know if
our parents are in the camp? We could probably stay with them."

Ben shook his head. "Unfortunately, parents are not allowed in the refugee
camp. There is simply not enough room for everyone. Your parents are staying at
an ancient airport to the west of the camp."

Iona put her hands on Kaia and Sata's shoulders. "Don't worry. I'll use
performance group funds to get us a tent."

Ben seemed concerned. "You may want to save money on tent rental and sleep on
the grass like other camp residents. It is very likely that you will be staying
in the camp indefinitely."

"Indefinitely?! Won't we eventually be able to move back to our city?" Sata
asked.

"Reconstruction of Katowice has already begun, but there's no chance that any
of the original residents will be able to return. The CorporateCouncil has a
hard time evicting poor residents from cities. Tearing down existing affordable
housing to make room for ultra high-end skyscrapers is really bad public
relations. Now, the CorporateCouncil now has a clean slate to build properties
too expensive for any of the original residents to rent."

Kaia was stunned. "So, we might be in the refugee camp forever because only
rich people are going to be able to afford to live in our city?"

"I doubt that anyone in the CorporateCouncil would agree that it was your city.
It was no secret that Katowice was built on an interconnected grid of
self-destruct systems. I am sure the CorporateCouncil were just waiting for the
city to be destroyed, so they could rebuild it as a utopia for the ultra
wealthy."

"Won't the city be mostly empty? Won't having a ghost city be bad for the
economy?" Sata asked.

"The real driver of economy is the real-estate gold rush that started as soon
as it became clear that Katowice would be destroyed. Every planned housing unit
has already been sold and resold at least dozen times by speculators. You could
say that the local real-estate market is... booming thanks to the explosion."
Ben laughed at his own play on words. "The city going boom was a real boon for
the economy. We can call it the boom boon!" Edl started repeating "Boom boon"
and laughing along with Ben.

Sata did not find Ben's jokes to be very funny. "We'll move out of the camp
after we get a job or get into college," Sata said defiantly.

Ben smiled and shook his head. "Unfortunately, there is no official school in
the refugee camp. I think it will be difficult to gain employment or admission
to a college without first completing high school."

Kaia and Sata tried not to stay hopeful, but their situation was sounding
worse by the minute.

Ben noticed their glum faces. "If you are worried about your futures, you can
stop by the maker tent tomorrow afternoon. As members of the Maker Interest
Group, you will learn useful skills like mechanical, electrical and software
engineering."

After thanking Ben for the rescue and the offer to join the Maker Interest
Group, Kaia and Sata prepared to leave with everyone else. Ben bid them
goodnight and asked his brother to escort everyone to their tent, while Ben
worked on his speech for Fera's remembrance ceremony."

After they left the airship, Arla explained that she was going to stay with Taz
and said goodnight to Kaia, Sata, and her fellow performance group members.

Edl had an idea and stopped suddenly. "Do you want to see my tent?"

Lan agreed without hesitation and was able to quickly convince the others,
because Edl's tent was along the way. Everyone was impressed to see that Edl's
tent had multiple rooms including a gym, a kitchen, and three bathrooms.

"This is my bedroom," Edl said proudly.

"Wow, your bed is so big," Sata observed.

Edl thought deeply about the relativity of perspectives. "For me, it is normal
size."

"A big man needs a big bed," Lan said provocatively.

"Speaking of big, can we try out your weights?" Zok asked.

Everyone moved to the weight room and watched as Zok locked stacks of plates
into place on the bar and slid onto the bench and started to bench press the
bar. Kaia and Sata were shocked to see how much Zok could bench. Lan also was
very impressed and asked to squeeze Zok's muscles as soon as he got Zok the
bench. Ursa said she was next and started to bench press the bar. Kaia and
Sata's jaws dropped to see that Ursa could bench as much as much as Zok. They
also could not help but notice that Ursa's jumpsuit was still unzipped.

"Your eyes are about to bulge out your head, you voyeur," Sata trying to
turn Kaia's head away.

"Well, everyone can hear you breathing hard, you pervert," Kaia fired back.

Ursa hopped off the bench feeling a rush of endorphins. When Ursa flexed and
growled, Sata and Kaia swooned and fell into each other's arms. Ursa laughed
after seeing the effect she had on the two younger girls.

"It's your turn to show us what you got," Ursa said to Edl while gesturing
towards the bench. "You think you can lift more than me and Zok?"

Edl added plates to the bar until it was full.

Ursa shook her head in disbelief. "No way you can lift all that."

Edl lost confidence immediately. "Sorry, I wasn't thinking. I get distracted
sometimes. I'll-"

"Well, now that you set everything up, you have to give it a try. Come on,
Zok, Iona, and I will spot you."

With the spotters in position, Edl started to press the bar, seemingly without
much effort.

"OK, big guy, that's enough. We're already impressed," Lan cooed.

When Edl got up off the bench, Lan started to move towards him, but Ursa got
their first. Putting one hand on Edl's chest and another on his arm, Ursa
asked, "What else can do you with those big muscles?"

Edl thought deeply about the myriad uses for muscles. "I can play BugBall."

"Maybe you'd like to play with me sometime?" Ursa asked, winking alluringly at
Edl.

Edl's face lit up. "Yes! Yes, I would! You can meet me at Juvenia Stadium
tomorrow morning. I'll be practicing and training from dawn, but you can come
anytime."

"Is there anything you want to do now?" Ursa asked swirling her finger in a
circle on Edl's chest.

Edl thought deeply on his favorite activities. "I's too dark to play BugBall
right now..." Edl began. "I think now I'd like to sleep so I don't have to
wait until there's enough light to play BugBall."

Ursa was getting frustrated. "Isn't there... Don't you want to... Don't you
know what I mean?"

Edl looked flustered. He had never answered so many questions before. His
parents had bribed the Principal to fake Edl's initiation rite records. Edl
always felt confused and lost when Ben was not around. Knowing what people
meant was not something that Edl did particularly well on his own. Edl started
to look around the room for clues to what Ursa meant. Edl did not like
guessing. He could never guess anything correctly and everyone seemed to get
frustrated with him.

"I think we should let Edl get some rest," Iona said and started to pull Ursa
away.

Ursa flew into a rage and lashed out Edl with her fists and feet. "You know
what I mean! No one could be that dense! If you're not interested, just say so
you, coward!" The fact that her attacks seem to have no effect only added to
her frustration.

Iona saw how confused and helpless Edl looked and tried to explain. "I'm sorry,
Ursa does not handle rejection well. She is also feeling rather jealous of-"

Ursa struck out with renewed fury. "You'd prefer to be with Zok and Lan? Is
that it? If that's it, why don't you just tell me?" Ursa fell down on the ground
in front of Edl. She looked up at Edl, her eyes filled with tears and rage. "My
hair, my nails, my skin, everything is perfect. You look at me and think it
must've been so easy, but it wasn't! All you do is lift weights and play
BugBall, and you think you're too good for me? Just because were born rich and
strong and handsome? Unlike you, I had to work and suffer to get where I am
today! Unlike you, I had to sacrifice everything to become who I am today!"

After Ursa collapsed into puddle of tears, Zek, Zok, and Lan quietly exited the
tent, obviously not wanting to deal with the aftermath. Iona picked Ursa up and
carried her to the bed. Kaia and Sata received Ursa with an outpouring of love
and concern. Ursa curled up into a ball, crying, shivering, and letting out the
occasional sob. Kaia and Sata enveloped Ursa, trying to saturate her with
affection, maximizing their contact area for optimal diffusion.

Kaia felt closer to Ursa now more than ever. Usually, it was Kaia who made a
scene when she became overwhelmed by her visions. Kaia never imagined that
Ursa, Little Miss Perfect, could have a total meltdown. It seemed obvious now
that Ursa was a human being just like everybody else, but it certainly had not
been obvious to Kaia when they first met.

"Edl, I hope you won't think that this request is too terribly rude, but could
perhaps give us some time here alone?"

Edl looked at Iona with an absurd amount of hope in his eyes. "You mean, I can
leave?"

"Yes, I think that would be for the best. Do you think you might find another
place you could sleep tonight?" Iona asked gently.

"Yes! Yes, absolutely! Thank you!" Edl said, his eyes filling with tears as
relief washed over him. Edl wanted to show his gratitude to Iona for offering
to release him from this horribly confusing, impossible-to-understand
situation, but he wanted to escape even more, so he quickly trotted out of the
room without saying anything else.

Iona was glad that Edl had surrender his bed so readily. She walked up to the
bed and looked at the other girls. Ursa was still in fetal position, but she
had stopped crying and shivering. Even though Ursa was normally a fountain of
positivity, she clearly had a lot of pent up frustration hidden beneath the
surface.

Iona knew that Sata and Kaia had been through so much that day that it was hard
to imagine that it all happened in just one day. A good night's sleep would do
them all a lot of good. Iona put a comforter over the other girls, turned off
the lights, and was started to leave when saw Kaia raise her head.

"Iona, where are you going?"

Iona took a few steps towards the bed. "I thought I would let you all rest
and head to tent I rented for us."

"Iona, do you think you could stay here with us? Just for tonight? If not, I
understand, but it would be nice for all of to be together like we were
earlier."

Iona hoped that the room was dark enough so that Kaia would not see her tears.
When Iona laid down along the edge of the bed, Kaia spoke up again.

"Iona, I'm really sorry, but do you think you could sleep next to me?"

Iona moved next to Kaia. When Iona settled down, Kaia had another request.
"It's OK if don't want to, but could you hug my back, like Sata was hugging
Ursa?"

Iona slid one arm underneath the pillow under Kaia's head and
pressed her torso into Kaia's back while hugging Kaia with her other arm.

"Iona, I know this is getting annoying, but could you put your leg in between
my legs? Sata always does that without me asking and I really like it. It won't
be too heavy for me. I'm used to it."

Iona smiled and was glad that she was able to cry without making any noise at
all. After Iona slid her on of her legs in between Kaia's legs, Kaia sighed
with relief. "Oh, that's perfect. That's just how Sata does it. Thank you,
Iona."

Iona wondered why she could not stop crying. She was afraid that her tears were
making Kaia's hair very wet and that Kaia would notice. Something about Kaia
being so sensitive, vulnerable, thoughtful, gentle, and kind, reminded Iona of
a world that had vanished long ago. Iona remembered that she had friends in
a long ago vanished world. Her friends understood what she going through,
because they were going through the same things she was.

Iona knew that Zek loved her, but his love could not replace friendship. She
had never grown that close to Ursa, because they had never really needed each
other before today. Thanks to Kaia and Sata, Iona now felt that she had learned
a lot about Ursa and also relearned something about herself. Iona understood
that Ursa was not invincible and that she herself was not immune to emotion.
Despite everything that had happened and despite what she had become, Iona
still needed and craved emotional connections with friends.

Iona felt a part of her reawaken that night. A long since extinguished fire
became rekindled in her soul. Iona rejoiced as her faith became renewed. All
that was wrong would be set right. Everything that was promised would be
fulfilled. The righteous fire that had cleansed her people from existence was
necessary to bring her to this very place in time and space. Iona felt her
doubts and fears wash away as her being became replete with her belief in the
larger scheme of things.

All Iona needed to do was to kept her faith and continue to walk the correct
path. If she did, her people would be reborn free of the evils that plagued
them in the long forgotten past. Then, Iona would lead her people to retake
their rightful place among the stars. She would teach her people to believe as
she did, to keep the faith as she did, so that that nothing would corrupt them
ever again, so that they would be worthy of living among the stars for
eternity.

Iona could see Kaia perfectly in the darkness. She could hear her heartbeat.
Iona knew she would do anything to preserve that heartbeat. Iona did not have
to worry about someday having to choose between Kaia and her faith, because
Kaia was her faith. Kaia represented the rebirth of Iona's people and the
reincarnation that Iona herself would experience.

Kaia was proof that it was all possible, proof that it would all occur as
foretold. To Iona, Kaia was much more than just a means to the ends that Iona
had so greatly desired for so long. When she was sure that Kaia was asleep and
would not need her until morning, Iona cooled her fuel cells, shut down her
processing units, and went into idle mode for the night.
