## Chapter 4: Finally fitting in

"Is that a person flying?"

"Flying might not be the right word. I'd say 'falling in slow motion'?"

"What about 'levitating'?"

Kaia and Sata had been watching people in scuba gear rappel down into the water
around the crashed airship for a while, but the latest person to come down was
moving diagonally inside of straight down.

"OK, but how is possible? A jetpack?"

"Wouldn't a jetpack make noise?"

As Kaia and Sata were trying to agree on the correct term to describe the
person slowly descending down to the ground, someone else fell like a rock
out of the sky and into the water.

"Did you see that?"

"Yeah, I'd call that 'falling in fast motion'."

"Maybe someone accidentally unclipped from their rappelling device?"

"Come on, let's go see find the others and find out why people are dropping
from the sky."

When Kaia and Sata arrived at the campfire, everyone was standing and looking
up at the sky. Kaia and Sata could see that the slow-falling person had their
arms outstretched with a giant black bird on each arm. Up above, an airship was
now clearly visible. Iona came up to Kaia and Sata and gave them an update.

"The soldiers in diving gear being lowered down to crash had found no evidence
of sabotage. We've been cleared for transport to the refugee camp."

Iona could see that Sata and Kaia were not interested in the results of the
forensic investigation. Iona pointed up in the air and explained the strange
sight.

"That's Ben. He can control animalAutomatons like those carrierCrows that are
lowering him down to the ground. The one that fell into the water is his
brother Edl."

"Die Edl die?"

"From the fall into the water? It would take a lot more than that to kill Edl.
One time, a bugBall weighing almost a ton rolled over him. Anyone else would
have been crushed, but Edl got up and pushed the bugBall back towards the
opposing team."

When Ben touched down, the birds released his arms and Ben bowed deeply.
"Greetings! I am Ben and emerging from the water behind me is my brother Edl,
and we are here to rescue you." Edl stood be behind Ben, dripping wet. He
looked ready to defend Ben if needed, but he had a friendly expression on his
chiseled face.

"Took you long enough," Zek complained.

"We received your distress signal and changed course right away, but we had to
wait until the investigation of your airship had been completed," Ben
explained.

"Maybe you're the one who sabotaged our airship?" Zek conjectured. "You know,
even if you killed all of us, the performance group would still have more
members than the maker group."

"That's not funny. The MIG lost it's Vice President and quite possibly it's
Secretary earlier today."

"Did something happen to Ryn?" Aira rushed up to Ben.

"I am afraid that Ryn is still unaccounted for. The last time I saw him, he was
with Fera, the MIG Vice President."

"Fera? The Fera who staged the protest today?" Kaia asked.

"Yes, the very same!" Ben looked happy to see someone who knew Fera.

"Did Fera die in the explosion?" Kaia asked.

"It would appear so. We were tracking Fera's location and the signal
disappeared inside the city during the explosion," Ben answered.

"I saw her in the city as we were taking off. She was on a motorcycle with the
Principal," Kaia said dourly.

"Yes, the Principal was with Fera and Ryn, the last time we saw them."

"We left her there and now she's dead," Kaia said flatly.

"Was Ryn on the motorcycle with them?" Aira asked.

"I don't know. It only caught a glimpse of them," Kaia said.

"Why did the pilots not see them?" Iona asked.

Taz stepped forward. "The pilots lied about not seeing the motorcycle."

"They saw Fera and still left her?" Kaia did not take any pleasure in being
vindicated.

"They said that they didn't have a choice. They were under strict orders not to
touch back down after liftoff, no matter what."

"When were you going to tell us that they lied?" Kaia asked furious.

"I found out myself this evening. I was grilling them about why didn't want to
rendezvous here with us and they confessed."

"Kaia, I'm sorry I didn't believe you," Sata said softly. Kaia could tell that
Sata was genuinely sorry, but Kaia still felt angry. Kaia was angry at the
pilots for lying, at Sata for not believing her, and at herself for not being
able to discern hallucinations from reality.

"We are going to hold a memorial ceremony for Fera when we reach the refugee
camp," Ben said solemnly. "Speaking of the camp, do you think we could be on our
way there shortly? It's getting quite late."

"We're all here and accounted for. The pilots have already been evacuated."

"Cowards," Kaia said quietly. No one said anything.

"The airship cannot land here, so you'll have to be lifted up to airship by the
rescue lines," Ben explained.

"You're not going with us?" Zek asked suspiciously.

"I'm going to go up that same way I came down," Ben said gesturing to the birds
flanking him.

"We can't just leave all of this wonderful food and drink!" Lan lamented.

"Some it has burned. Some it is flooded. Any glass containers are probably
broken," Iona said.

"We can ask the divers to go in again and check!" Lan implored.

"Recovering cargo is a waste of the divers' time and an unnecessary risk," Taz explained.

"I'll go get some diving gear and go get the supplies myself," Lan said walking
defiantly towards a group of soldiers.

Zek nodded to Zok and Iona touched Zok a gentle push. Zok approached Lan, who
immediately started to resist. "No, I won't go! You can't make me!"

Zok picked up and carried him to the cables dangling from a newly arrived
airship on his shoulder. "Let go of me, you brute! Just because you're strong
doesn't mean-" Zok began whispering into Lan's ear. Lan stopped struggling and
his eyes lit up. Kaia watched as they acted normal in a very conspicuous
manner.

After everyone (footnote: Edl, Iona, Kaia, Sata, Ursa, Zek, Zok, Lan, Taz,
Aira) was strapped into their respective harnesses, the cables began pulling
them upward. The broad, pale light illuminated them from above made it look
they were being abducted by aliens in low-budget movie about UFOs. Zok swung
closer to Zek and grabbed on to his harness. From the look on Zek's face, it
clear that Zok told him something that he did not like. Zek punched Zok right
in the face, braced his legs, and kicked Zok away.

Lan started swinging to build up to momentum towards Zek, ready to get revenge
for Zok. Spinning wildly out of control, Zok pushed off of whoever he could
trying to direct himself back towards Zek. Zek grabbed onto the cable and
started to climb it. Lan and Zok both swung at Zek, who brought up his legs up
high enough for Lan and Zok to swing harmlessly under. Zok pushed off of Lan
and they both swung around Edl in circles until the cables supporting the three
of them were intertwined like braided hair.

Lan pretended to be very dizzy, wrapped his arms around one of Edl's arms, and
wrapped his legs around one of Edl's legs. Zok climbed up Edl's body and
wrapped his arms around Edl's neck and his legs around Edl's waist. It looked a
baby and toddler were trying to take down the world's strongest man. Edl seemed
to have no clue what Zok and Lan were doing. He thought that it might be some
sort of game, but if it was, he had no idea how to play.

Kaia and Sata looked around for some clues as to what was going on. Ursa
appeared to be angry. She launched herself towards Zek and punched him right in
the gut. Zek looked very surprised as he folded in two and flew back from the
force of Ursa's blow. Iona and Ursa made eye contact right before fire erupted
from Iona's shoes and propelled her towards Ursa. As Iona and Ursa wrestled in
mid-air, the rockets in Iona's shoes swung them up and around until they were
wrapped up with Sata and Kaia.

Ursa put her arms around Kaia and Sata, bringing them in for a huddle. "I'm
trying to make Zok jealous. Pretend like you're having fun sexy fighting," Ursa
whispered before starting to giggle as Iona began to tickle her. Sata looked at
Kaia, shrugged, grabbed Ursa's head, and blew a raspberry on her cheek. Ursa
laughed so hard that she snorted. Kaia felt pangs of jealousy, but mostly felt
like was missing out on the fun. She maneuvered herself into position next to
Iona, and placed her her mouth of Iona's neck intending to blow a raspberry on
Iona's neck, but she became smitten by Iona's smell and froze in place like the
world's most hesitant vampire.

Ursa unzipped her jumpsuit with one hand, grabbed Sata's hair with the other,
and pretended to try to drown Sata in her cleavage. When Sata came up for air,
she had the biggest smile on her wide face. Sata dove back into Ursa's cleavage
and pretended she was a pig eating out of a trough, causing Ursa to laugh like
a maniac. Kaia saw this and was not sure what came over her. She gripped Iona
tighter and began to gently nibble on Iona's ear. When she heard Iona moan,
Kaia got excited and grabbed Iona's hair, pulling her head backward. When Kaia
saw a lone tear roll down Iona's cheek, she began to apologize to Iona for
hurting her, but she stopped apologizing when she saw the look on Iona's face.

Iona grabbed on to Kaia's harness and began to rub the tears on her cheeks onto
Kaia's face. Kaia felt oddly touched by this gesture. She had never seen Iona
express any kind of emotion before. In Iona, Kaia saw her own emotions being
reflected back at her. Kaia had felt like crying since Ben confirmed that Fera
was dead. Iona was so cool, composed, and in control at all times, that seeing
her cry stirred something deep inside Kaia. Rubbing her face into Iona's face
like a kitten begging to be stroked, Kaia let loose the emotions she had been
holding in.

As their tears mixed together, Kaia and Iona held each other's faces in their
hands. Kaia knew her own feelings mirrored the way Iona felt. Kaia and Iona
were on the same wavelength. They both felt sorrow and also the rapture of
cathartic release of emotions with someone who understood and shared those
emotions. Kaia felt grateful to Iona. Somehow, Kaia had stumbled upon exactly
what she needed. Kaia had no idea how to express her gratitude. She began to
gently kiss Iona's cheeks, absorbing Iona's tears with her lips.

"I think those two misunderstood what I meant by sexy fighting," Ursa whispered
to Sata.

"I dunno. I guess crying can be sexy. If you're into that kinda thing. And it
looks like they are really into it," Sata replied. "Do you want to try it?"

"I guess, but I can't really cry on command. I've cried on stage plenty of
times, but I have to get into character first and understand my character's
motivation."

"Your motivation is that someone just bit your boob," Sata said before burying
her face in the opening of Ursa's jumpsuit and chomping down. Ursa squealed and
lost control of her arms and legs. Sata started to laugh, but Ursa grabbed her
and looked into her eyes with a very serious expression. "Sata, do that again,
but this time pretend you're a shark tearing apart your prey. I want you to
really rip into me. Don't come back up until you taste blood." Sata
looked shocked, but then smiled mischievously. If this was a dream, Sata wanted
to get to the best part before she woke up.

As Sata channeled her inner shark, Ursa whispered violent words of
encouragement. "That's right, really sink your teeth into me. I want you to
leave me a scar to remember you by. Tear out a chunk and swallow it, so a piece
of me will be inside you forever." Ursa began to run her fingers through Sata's
hair, while Sata gnashed her teeth again Ursa's skin. When Sata hit a spot that
seemed to be particularly sensitive, Ursa threw her head back to let out a deep
guttural grunt.

All four girls were surprised when they felt their legs touching the ground.
They looked around and saw the confused, shocked faces of everyone around them.
All of them were frozen in place. Aira was holding on to Officer Kransal. Zek,
still doubled over after being punched by Ursa, was kneeling in front of them.
Zok and Lan were still holding on Edl. Ben walked in and started in inquire
about the trip up from the ground, but stopped as his brain struggled to
process what he was observing.

"Is everyone alright? Why are the rescue cables so tangled?" Ben asked.

Everyone exchanged looks. Not everyone understood what had happened and those
who did were not up to the task of explaining it. Ben picked up on this and
tried to change the subject.

"We'll be landing at the refugee camp shortly. You will not need your harnesses
anymore, so can take them off whenever you're ready."

Iona gingerly wiped Kaia's face and helped her undo the fastenings of her
harness. Kaia was sad to separate from Iona, but felt better after having a
good cry. Ursa leaned into Sata and whispered. "Next time, you'll know where to
bite. I got shot in that spot during on a spy mission." Sata laughed, assuming
it was a joke since Ursa's skin was perfectly smooth and devoid of anything
that might resemble a battle wound.

Ben led them to the fore observation deck. The lights from the refugee camp was
already visible.

"The airship must have crashed really close to the refugee camp," Kaia said.

"Yes, that's right. The artificial lake into which the airship crashed is
separated from the refugee camp only by the Wisła River and Wolski Forest. You
could have walked there in a little less than an hour."

"I'm glad we took a little detour," Kaia said, "but I'm happy that we're going
to be in one place for a little while."

"It may be more than a little while. Reconstruction of Katowice has already
begun, but there's little chance that any of the original residents will be
allowed to return."

"What?!"

"The government has a hard time evicting poor residents from cities. Tearing
down existing affordable housing to make room for ultra high-end skyscrapers is
really bad public relations. Closing public schools really isn't a good look
either. From the perspective of the government, the destruction of Katowice was
an boon. Yes, it was a boom and a boon!" Ben laughed at his own play on words.

"So, we might be in the refugee camp forever because only rich people are going
to be allowed to live in our city?"

"I doubt that anyone in the government would agree that it was your city. If I
were a cynic, I would say the government knew that Katowice was built on an
interconnected grid of self-destruct systems and did nothing to remedy the
situation."

"What set off the self-destruct systems?"

"Why it was our dear mutual friend Fera! Oh, but it might be best if you not
share that detail with anyone until after the remembrance ceremony we are
planning."

"Why did Fera blow up the city?"

"I believe there were several motivating factors. First, destroying the city
could have been a way for Fera to exert control and lash out against authority.
Fera had a difficult situation at home and a history of violence related to
abuse she suffered at the hands of her father. Second, I believe Fera was
trying to evidence of the changes she had made using the school's computer
systems."

"What changes did she make?"

"Fera obtained full pardons for you, Sata, and herself. She also replaced all
of the initiation rite recordings with deep fakes. There are recordings there
of all three of you flawlessly completing the initiation rite.

"Fera died after saving us and making sure we wouldn't have to go through the
rite again?" Kaia asked but burst into tears before Ben could confirm.

Sata, Ursa, and Iona swooped in just as Kaia was about to fall to her knees.
Surrounding Kaia, they hugged her from all sides and supported her physically
and emotionally.

Ben wiped tears from his eyes and began talking about Fera to no one in
particular. "She really was quite remarkable. The best Vice President, perhaps
even the best member, the MIG has ever had. At times, I forget that so was a
freshman. So much potential! I must admit that I was quite fond of her. Even
though a personal relationship between MIG Executives would have been very
unprofessional and a potential conflict of interest, I was considering the
possibilities of Fera and I attending the same university and perhaps even
working in the same laboratory! When I would be finishing up my postdoctoral
training, Fera could be beginning her own. Instead of immediately securing a
faculty position, I could work in industry for a few years, so that Fera and I
could start on the track to tenure together. Tenure would guarantee us both a
lifetime of intellectually-stimulating scholarship and academic productivity!"
Ben was breathing quickly by the end of his monologue. No one listening, but
Ben did not notice. He was lost in glorious visions of a future that could have
been.

At the center of a circle of love, Kaia felt much better. No howling winds. No
metallic tendrils. No skeletons. No dust mixed with bone fragments. She felt
warm and safe, surround by friends. Kaia felt that she was finally fitting in,
and not by pretending to be someone else, but rather by being her quirky,
imperfect self. Kaia was so lucky to have such amazing friends like Iona, Ursa,
and Sata. Even though Kaia had only known Fera for a very short time, Kaia knew
that Fera was also a great friend, despite her callous, indifferent demeanor.

The four girls continued their group hug long after the airship landed. When
Kaia looked up, she saw that apart from the group hug participants, the only
people left on the airship were Ben and Edl.

Ben was writing a speech for Fera's remembrance ceremony, while Edl watched Ben
tap away at the console.

I'm a little tired," Sata admitted. "Is there any way we could continue this
but rotated 90 degrees?"

Ben overheard and without looking up from the console he said, "Edl, could you
show the ladies the sleeping arrangements we have onboard our airship?"

The girls followed Edl down a corridor and looked left and right as he showed
them room after room.

"This is my room," Edl said proudly.

"Wow, your bed is so big," Sata said.

"For me, it is normal size," Edl said thinking deeply about the relativity of
perspectives.

"Can I try out your weights?" Ursa asked.

Edl nodded and Ursa locked stacks of plates into place on the bar and slid onto
the bench and started to bench press the bar. Kaia and Sata's jaws dropped when
they saw how much Ursa lift. They also could not help but notice that Ursa's
jumpsuit was still unzipped.

"Your eyes are about to bulge out your head, you voyeur," Sata trying to turn
Kaia's head away.

"Well, everyone can hear you breathing hard, you pervert," Kaia fired back.

Ursa hopped off the bench feeling a rush of endorphins. When Ursa flexed and
growled, Sata and Kaia swooned and fell backward onto Edl's bed. Ursa laughed
after seeing the effect she had on the two younger girls.

Sata wriggled around on the bed. "Are these new sheets? They smell so nice!"

Edl nodded "Yes, all the bedding was replaced when the airship was restocked
this morning."

"Your turn to show us what you got." Ursa said to Edl while gesturing towards
the bench. "You think you can lift more than me?"

Edl started to prepare the weights. Ursa was surprised to see Edl fill the bar
with plates.

"No way you can lift all that."

"Sorry, I wasn't thinking. I get distracted sometimes. I'll-"

"Well, now that you set everything up, you have to give it a try. Come one,
Iona and I will spot you."

When Iona, Ursa, and Edl were all in position, Edl started to press the bar,
seemingly without much effort.

"OK, big guy, that's enough. I'm already impressed," Ursa cooed.

When Edl got up off the bench, Ursa put one hand on Edl's chest and another on his arm.

"What else can do you with those big muscles?"

Edl thought deeply about the myriad uses for muscles. "I can play bugBall."

"Maybe you'd like to play with me sometime?" Ursa asked, winking provocatively
at Edl.

Edl's face lit up. "Yes! Yes, I would! Meet me at Iuvenia field tomorrow
morning. I'll be practicing and training from dawn, but you can come anytime."

"Is there anything you want to do now?" Ursa asked swirling her finger in a
circle on Edl's chest.

Edl thought deeply on his favorite activities. "I's too dark to play bugBall
right now..." Edl began. "I think now I'd like to sleep so I don't have to
wait until there's enough light to play bugBall."

Ursa was getting frustrated. "Isn't there... Don't you want to... Don't you
know what I mean?"

Edl looked flustered. He had never answered so many questions before. His
parents had bribed the Principal to fake Edl's initiation rite records. Edl
always felt confused and lost when Ben was not around. Knowing what people
meant was not something that Edl did particularly well on his own. Edl started
to look around the room for clues to what Ursa meant. Edl did not like
guessing. He could never guess anything right and everyone seemed to get
frustrated with him. He looked pleadingly at Iona for a hint.

"I think we should let Edl get some rest," Iona said and started to pull Ursa away.

Ursa flew into a rage and lashed out Edl with her fists and feet. The fact that
her attacks seem to have no affect only added to her frustration. "You know
what I mean! No one could be that dense! If you're not up for it, just say so
you, coward!"

Iona saw how confused Edl looked and tried to explain. "I'm sorry, Ursa does
not handle rejection well. She also is going through a difficult time in her
relationship with-"

Ursa struck out with renewed fury. "You'd prefer to be with Zok and Lan? Is
that it? If that's it, why don't you just tell me?" Ursa fell down on the ground
in front of Edl. She looked up at Edl, her eyes filled with tears and rage. "My
hair, my nails, my skin, everything is perfect. You look at me and think it
must've been so easy, but it wasn't! All you do is lift weights and play
bugBall, and you think you're too good for me? Just because were born rich and
strong and handsome? Unlike you, I had to work and suffer to get where I am
today! Unlike you, I had to sacrifice everything to become who I am today!"

Ursa collapsed into puddle of tears. Iona picked Ursa up and carried her to
bed. Kaia and Sata looked at Ursa with an outpouring of love and concern. Ursa
curled up into a ball, crying, shivering, and letting out the occasional sob.
Kaia and Sata enveloped Ursa, trying to saturate her with affection, maximizing
their contact area for optimal diffusion.

Kaia felt closer to Ursa now more than ever. Usually, it was Kaia who made a
scene when she became overwhelmed by visions and emotions. Kaia never imagined
that Little Miss Perfect Ursa could also have a total meltdown. It seemed
obvious now that Ursa was a human being just like everybody else, but it
certainly had not been obvious to Kaia when they first met.

"Edl, I hope you won't think that this request is too terribly rude, but could
perhaps give us some time here alone?"

Edl looked at Iona with an absurd amount of hope in his eyes. "You mean, I can
leave?"

"Yes, I think that would be for the best. Do you think you might find another
place you could sleep tonight?" Iona asked gently.

"Yes! Yes, absolutely! Thank you!" Edl said, his eyes filling with tears as
relief washed over him. Edl wanted to show his gratitude to Iona for offering
to release him from this horribly confusing, impossible-to-understand
situation, but he wanted to escape even more, so he quickly trotted out of the
room without saying anything else.

Iona was glad that Edl had surrender his bed so readily. She walked up to the
bed and looked at the other girls. Ursa was still in fetal position, but she
had stopped crying and shivering. Sata and Kaia appeared to have gone to sleep
while comforting Ursa. Iona knew that Sata and Kaia had been through so much
that day that it was hard to imagine that it all happened in just one day. Ursa
was normally a fountain of positivity, but she clearly had a lot of emotions
that she kept hidden beneath the surface. A good night's sleep would do them
all a lot of good.

Iona put a comforter over the other girls, turned off the lights, and was
getting ready to close the door behind her when Kaia raised her head and asked
Iona to wait.

"Kaia, I thought you were asleep."

"I'm kind of a light sleeper." Kaia said thinking of all the times she woken up
by strange dreams. "Where are you going?"

Iona took a few steps into the dark room. "I thought I would let you all rest
and head to another one of the rooms for the night."

"Iona, do you think you could stay here with us? Just for tonight? If not, I
understand, but it would be nice for all of to be together like we were
earlier."

Iona hoped that the room was dark enough so that Kaia would not see her tears.
Closing the door, Iona walked towards the bed in the darkness.

"Can you see in the dark?" Kaia asked concerned that Iona might trip.

"I can." Iona answered, smiling.

"But how? Your eyes don't glow in the dark, so I don't think you're a Lunker."

Iona laughed sweetly and sat on the bed. "I'll tell you another time, now it's
time to sleep."

When Iona laid down along the edge of the bed, Kaia spoke up again.

"Iona, I'm really sorry, but do you think you could sleep next to next to me?"

Iona moved next to Kaia.

"It's OK if don't want to but could hug my back, like Sata is hugging Ursa?"

Iona smiled and was glad that she had no problem crying without making any
noise at all. Iona slid one arm underneath the pillow under Kaia's head and
pressed her torso into Kaia's back while hugging Kaia with her other arm.

"Iona, I know this is getting annoying, but could you put your leg in between
my legs? Sata always does that without me asking and I really like it. It won't
be too heavy for me. I'm used to it."

Iona slid her right leg into between Kaia's legs.

"Oh, that's perfect. That's just how Sata does it. Thank you Iona."

Iona wondered why she could not stop crying. She was afraid that her tears were
making Kaia's hair very wet and that Kaia would notice. Something about Kaia
being so sensitive, vulnerable, thoughtful, gentle, and kind, reminded Iona of
a world that had vanished long ago. Iona remembered that she had friends in
that long ago vanished world. Her friends understood what she going through
because they were going through the same things she was.

Iona knew that Zek loved her, but his love could not replace friendship. She
had never grown that close to Ursa, because they had never really needed each
other before today. Thanks to Kaia and Sata, Iona now felt that she learned a
lot about Ursa and also relearned something about herself. Iona understood that
Ursa was not impregnable and that she herself was not immune to emotion.
Despite everything that had happened and despite what she had become, she still
needed and craved emotional connections with her peers.

Iona felt a part of her reawaken that night. A long since extinguished fire
became rekindled in her soul. Iona rejoiced as her faith became renewed. She
was on the correct path. All that was wrong would be set right. Everything that
was promised would be fulfilled. The righteous fire that had cleansed her
people from existence was necessary to bring her to this very place in time and
space. Iona allowed her doubts and fears to be washed away as her being became
replete with her belief in the larger scheme of things.

All Iona needed to do was to kept her faith, continue to walk the correct path,
and be prepared to sacrifice everything. If she did, her people would be reborn
free of the evils that plagued them in the long forgotten past. Then, Iona
would lead her people to retake their rightful place among the stars. She would
teach her people to believe as she did, to keep the faith as she did, so that
that nothing would corrupt them ever again, so that they would be worthy of
living among the stars for eternity.

Iona could see Kaia perfectly in the darkness. She could hear her heartbeat.
Iona knew she would do anything to preserve that heartbeat. Iona did not have
to worry about someday having to choose between Kaia and her faith, because
Kaia was her faith. Kaia represented Iona's renewal of faith, the rebirth of
her people, and the reincarnation that Iona herself would experience. Kaia was
proof that it was all possible, proof that it would all occur as foretold.

Iona would have followed Kaia even if Kaia were cruel and cold-hearted, because
that is what her faith dictated, because that is what was required to bring up
the shining future that Iona saw so clearly before her. But Kaia was not just a
means to the ends that Iona so greatly desired for so long. Kaia was good and
pure. Iona knew that she would follow Kaia even if Kaia was not the key to
everything Iona believed in. When she was sure that Kaia was asleep and would
not need her until morning, Iona shutdown her processing units and went into
idle mode for the night.

...

"Ursa, I felt it. It's all true. All of it. Your dreams will come true too.
Kaia is the one we've been waiting for all this time."

"I haven't been waiting as long as you. My faith is not as strong as yours, Iona."

"It doesn't matter. She favors you. I can see it."

"Can I still be saved? After what I did?"

"Your sins are nothing compared to mine, but it does not matter whether we did
evil or we did good, because it was all necessary to bring us here. It all
happened as it was meant to happen."

"I want to believe that but I can't. I know that what I did was selfish. I hurt
the people closest to me to get what I wanted."

"You have suffered greatly to become part of her plan. We all have. We'll
suffer more before the rejoining can occur and the time of grace can arrive.
Our suffering is needed so we can become worthy of the salvation that she
offers. You were chosen because you were ready to sacrifice anything. You can
achieve everything you always wanted just by playing your role in the plan."


...

"Will our parents be down there?"

"Yes, everyone who was evacuated from the city will be "
called Zakrzówek. It i
...

Kaia sees the refugee camp from the observation deck soon after takeoff. "If we
were so close, why didn't we just parachute into the camp?" Ben explains that
the lake was the only place to crash land and the forest in between the lake
and camp was filled Driads and the city was patrolled by World Heritage robots.

...
There's a rivalry between the maker interest group (MIG) and the theater
interest group (TIG). The performance group makes fun of the makers for not having
any members. Ben says that they had as many as four members, but now they are
down to three and perhaps even two. Aira is upset to hear that Ryn is still
unaccounted for. Kaia is devastated to find out that Fera was on the ground and
that her signal disappeared as she was trying to leave the city. She feels
angry at Sata and doesn't . Sata looks
very sorry, but doesn't know what to say to Kaia.

Kaia says she is upset that they have to leave so soon.

Ben explains that airship will not land but it can lift everyone up by a cable.
Zek and Zok start horsing around and the cables get tangled and everyone is
packed together in a mess. Ben flies up first and then helps everyone untangle.
Sata and Kaia are happy to be near each other in the bundle. Sata makes jokes.
Zek gets pressed up against Taz and Aira?


Everyone sits together except Taz, who is on duty.

Lan is upset to leave all of the supplies behind,
especially the food. Officer Kransal arranges for a smaller airship to the
refugee camp where all the other students are to meet. A refugee camp school is
repurposed and expanded to hold all of the new students in addition to the
original refugees that already lived in the camp. Lan decides to work in the
kitchen and uses his connections and swagger to get more food and other
supplies for the camp.

Kaia is ambushed by Pyr and his posse (who were secretly hired by Zek) in the
cafeteria. Edl goes to help Ben instead of Kaia. Ursa and Iona are not around.
Aira is with Kransal. Only Zek is around to save Kaia.

Zek takes Kaia to the hospital. Zek and Sata decide to stay with Kaia all
night.

"Just when I thought I was finally fitting in."

The chapter ends when Kaia drifts off to sleep with Sata stroking her hair.

