## Chapter 4

"What is this Lord-Of-The-Rings, deus-ex-machina nonsense?", Fera screamed.

"Are you upset that you did not die?", Ryn asked confused.

"No, but being saved by a giant bird is weird, and I don't like dangling in air
from razor sharp talons. How do I know that this dumb bird won't drop me?" Fera
said feeling powerless. Her gloves and skates were useless in the air. Fera
remembered that Ben said that all the equipment from the maker workshop had
trackers. Fera hastily removed her gloves and skates, dropping them into the
city below.

"Why did you save me?"

"I didn't save you. The birds did."

"But you control the birds, right?"

"You mustn't tell anyone anything!"

"Why didn't you leave me behind?"

"Based on my observations of you, I am convinced that you do not wish to do me
any harm and perhaps may even by fond of me."

"What the hell are you taking about?"

"When we were on the motorcycle, were you concerned about my wellbeing?

"Don't flatter yourself."

"You touched my hair very gently."

"You were unconscious. You were probably just dreaming."

"I feel like it is my turn to tease you."

"What?"

"You obviously feel affection towards me but you do not want to admit it."

"When we land, I will show you some affection with my foot on your face. I'm
going to tender, love, and care your face until there's nothing left." Fera
screamed swinging at arms and legs at Ryn.

"Please Fera, you're upsetting the birds. I do not believe you anyway. You are
using deception to hide your feelings, because you are afraid of getting hurt.
Do not worry. I am fond of you as well, and I will do anything I can to protect
you and make you happy."

"The only thing that will make me happy is stomping on your face."

"I will be glad to oblige. There is not much left of my face anyway."

"You've never looked better. I'm going to make some more improvements when we
land."

"I am looking forward to it."

"Where are we flying anyway?"

"A Lunker colony."

"What?! No!"

"You do not have much of a choice in the matter."

The eagles set Fera, Ryn, and the Principal down next to a forest.

"The entrance is hidden in the forest. We have to walk the rest of the way."

"How come the eagle didn't rip your shirt as much as mine?"

"Unlike you, I am friendly towards birds."

Only a few minutes into the forest, Fera and Ryn noticed that the Principal
looked terrible. After a few more minutes, the Principal fell over and began to
shake.

"He's going into withdrawal!", Ryn said.

"What should we do?", Fera asked.

"I'm going to call for help."

"No more birds!", Fera yelled.

"Ok, no more birds.", Ryn agreed.

Ryn closed his eyes. Before long, two stags emerged from the trees.

Fera and Ryn lifted the Principal onto one of the stags. Ryn grabbed onto the
antlers of the stag carrying the Principal and swung himself up onto its back.
Fera did her best to mount the other stag as gracefully as Ryn. The stags
sprinted in between the trees as if they knew exactly where to go. Fera had
never even ridden a horse, much less a stag. She held onto the antlers of her
stag for dear life. The stags stopped in front a giant tree. Ryn hopped of his
stag and raised arms showing his palms.

"We need your help!", Ryn said.

"Ryn, there's no one here."

Ryn kept looking at the giant tree.

"Do you expect the tree to help us? Are you going to show it how you can grow
roots and photosynthesize?"

"You mustn't tell anyone anything!", Ryn said forcefully.

"Look, if this tree is your whole plan, then I think the Principal is as good
as dead."

A door opened up in the side of the giant tree and small elderly woman got out.

"We are druidicDryads. We speak for the trees. You are trespassing in our forest."

"Greetings, I am Ryn. One of my companions is recovering from exposure to
narcotics. He may die without your help."

"How is it that you know this forest?"

"I do not this forest, but these stags do."

"How is it that you can command the stags?"

"I am a mimic."

"A mimic? We have heard of your kind. That means that these stags are mimics
too and not real animals. It will be no great loss if we kill you and use
you as fertilizer."

"Please, one of my companions is a fierce warrior who destroyed the nearby city."

"A warrior you say? We did take note of the explosion. Allow me to take a look
at this warrior.", the woman said walking up to the stag carrying the Principal.

"He does not appear to be much of a warrior", the woman said, poking the
Principal with her staff.

"The warrior who destroyed the city is me.", Fera huffed.

"You?!", the woman said, turning to face Fera, "a little girl?".
"How did a child such as you destroy a whole city?"

"It is true, she activated the self-destruct sequence of our school, knowing it
would cause a chain reaction that would destroy the whole city. Then, she
fought bravely to keep anyone from stopping from destroying the city."

Fera had not known about the chain reaction, but she decided to pretend that
she had known.

"Why did you destroy the city?"

"The government only protects the people in power and oppresses everyone else.
I blew up the city as part of the revolution that will overthrow the government
and usher in a new era of freedom and equality."

"Your words do not sound hollow. If you promise to respect and protect the
forest. We will aid you."

After Ryn and Fera promised, other druidicDryads emerged from the door in the
giant tree. Still more, came out of hiding from behind other trees, bringing
various items and placing them down on the ground in front of Fera and Ryn. The
items included leaves filled with food, gourds filled with water, clothes made
of animal skins, knives, bows, and quivers of arrows.

"While we tend to your companion, you may eat and rest. We would be honored if
the city destroyer and her mimic companion could wear our clothing and use our
weapons on their quest to overthrow the government.", the woman said.

Fera was a bit disappointed to see that the food consisted of bugs and berries.
She was even more disappointed to see that knives were entirely made out of
wood. When she tried the edges of the knives, she was surprised that they were
quite sharp.

"The knives and arrows are lignum vitae wood. They cannot break steel, but they
can cut flesh.", the woman explained.

Fera put the shoes that the druidicDryads brought her. The shoes, moccasins
made out of animal skin, were a big improvement over walking through the forest
in her socks. She went behind a tree to change into the rest of the clothes.
When she came back Ryn had already changed.

"Not the modest type I see. You might even be an exhibitionist. Do you get off
showing everyone your dangling parts."

Ryn was silent.

"You're probably excited that you can finally undress in front of someone who
is not your sister."

"Why do mimic men like to undress in front of others?", the woman asked,
sitting down in front of Fera and Ryn.

Fera laughed as Ryn blushed.

"It may not be all mimic men, but this one certainly does."

"We only know of mimics from our legends."

"What do your legends say?", Fera asked.

"That mimics can look and act just like humans, but some mimics look and act
like animals, and that mimics can communicate with each other without
speaking."

"That's how you controlled the birds and stags, with telepathy?"

Ryn nodded.

"Other than the animal mind control, what else makes mimics different?"

"Mimics age until maturity and then do not age. They can live and bear offspring
forever, but mimics reproduce differently from us. For example, we know that a
mimic man cannot get a human woman pregnant, but can himself become pregnant,
even without intercourse."

Fera's eyes lit up at the prospect of new ways to tease Ryn.

"So the downside is that you are shooting blanks, but the upside is that you
are capable of immaculate conception?"

Ryn nodded again.

"What about mimic women?"

"Mimic women can be pregnant without intercourse as well.", the woman said.

"And that's it?"

"Mimic women are harder to identify than mimic men.", the woman explained.

"Are there no other ways to tell who is a mimic?"

"If a mimic is starved, they can survive by becoming like plants."

"You weren't kidding when you said you could photosynthesize!"

"Yes, but you mustn't tell anyone anything! My people have lived amongst the
druidicDryad for a long time, so I felt like trusting them was an acceptable
risk. To protect ourselves from the Cacumina, mimics have had to remove all
traces of our existence."

"Where do mimics come from?"

"The stars.", the woman said.

"So you are aliens?"

"Yes, but we have adapted perfectly to living in harmony with humans.", Ryn answered.

"But not with Cacumina?", Fera asked.

"The Cacumina are the ones who originally received us from the stars. We came
as messages from distant worlds. The Cacumina decoded the messages and built us
according to the encoded messages. We tried to live among the Cacumina, but
they always treated us like laboratory experiments. A few mimics were able to
escape with the help of sympathetic Cacumina scientists, who understood us to
be intelligent creatures looking to coexist with humans. Since the escape, we
have spread around the globe, sometimes finding acceptance among druidicDryads,
the Atlantans, and the Lunkers, but we stayed hidden from the Cacumina to avoid
becoming the subjects in their laboratory experiments."

Segue to talking about origins of druidicDryad and other oppressed peoples and
why mimics sometimes found acceptance among them.

...

"Why do your people live in the forest?"

"It is the same reason why Lunkers hid below and Atlantans went underneath the
ocean. A long time in a great war, light beams would come down from the sky to
burns those who walked in the open. Our Ancestors noticed that if we stayed in
the forest that we would not die from the light beams. Our ancestors thought
that the light beams were sent from the heavens to show us the correct way to
live. Even when it was once again safe walk in the open, our people stayed in
the forests."

"Do you live that tree with the door?"

We built most of our houses in the tree branches. For distinguished elders,
such as myself, we may build a house inside of tree if we can find a knot large enough?

"A knot?"

"Yes, knots in wood are useless to the tree, so we can carve out the knot and
then build a home instead. We disguise the entrance to look like the tree is
still intact."

"How is that we speak the same language and you seem to know everything about
us?"

"The young of our people go through a rite of passage by living in a city and
pretending to be Cacumina. After the rite of passage is complete, they choose
to stay among the Cacumina or return to our people. I went through the rite of
passage many years ago. After I finished high school, I chose to come back to
the forest and have lived her ever since. I teach our young about the Cacumina
to prepare them for the rite of passage."

"Has anyone from the city ever come to live in the forest?"

"You and your companions can be the first, if you like. Your companion is very
sick. It may be many days before he is well enough to travel. We can teach you
how to shoot a bow, how to hide, and how to find food and healing plants in the
forest."

"I would like to learn to hunt."

"We do not hunt."

"If you don't hunt, where do you get the animal skins for your clothes?"

"We look for dead animals in the forest and skin them."

Fera looked her clothes and tempted to smell them.

"Do you ever hunt animals? For meat?"

"No, we do not hunt. We get more than enough food from the forest."

"Do you fish?"

"How is hunting fish different from hunting other animals? Do you not like our
food? Your stags seem to be enjoying it."

Fera looked at the food in front of her. Some of the bugs were crawling off of
the leaves and onto the grass. She quickly ate some nuts and berries, carefully
avoiding the bugs and crunching loudly while complimenting how delicious the
food tasted.

"Well, we do not want to delay our quest to overthrow the government, so
perhaps we can leave our sick companion with you until he gets better."

"Yes, of course, but before you leave, tell us your name so we may spread the
fame of the city destroyer throughout the forests."

"My name is Fera. What's your name?"

"Arba."

"It was a pleasure meeting you, Arba. Thank you for everything you've done for
us.", Fera said slinging a water gourd, a bow, and a quiver of arrows over shoulder.

"If you ever need assistance again, you can always go to the forest. We will
send runners in all directions to sing your praises."

Fera stood up and grabbed her stag by the antlers swung up onto its back. This
time the motion was much more fluid and Fera noted the impression it made on
the druidicDryads.

Once they were out of earshot, Fera looked at Ryn, "Is the Principal going to be ok with them?".

"Yes, he will have the best care possible. Fresh air, clean water, natural
food, and no buzzBees."

"I have to ask. Can you become pregnant at any moment? Is it random?"

"No, it is not random. I would have to develop a deep emotional connection with
someone for a long period of time."

"You get pregnant from emotions!", Fera yelled, delighted.

"Yes, but specifically I have to feel deeply for the person who is with me."

"Are you feeling deeply for me? Right now?"

Ryn blushed like never before and looked away.

"Am I getting you pregnant right now just by talking with you?" Fera said excitedly.

Ryn looked back at Fera, his eyes filled with tears.

"I would be the luckiest mimic on Earth if I could bear children for you. You
are the most amazing person I have ever met. I feel like I could be with you
forever and it wouldn't be enough."

Fera was stunned, but then broke out laughing.

"Did you just propose to me?"

"Mimics do not view marriage the same was as humans. You do not need to
dedicate yourself to me. I would only ask that you allow me to dedicate myself
to you and be near you always."

"So you would just follow me around popping out kids forever?"

"Yes, but each the pregnancy takes nine months and is risky. Mimics can live
indefinitely, but many die from complications during pregnancy or during
childbirth."

"Are you pregnant right now?"

"No, but my body is already preparing for pregnancy. The process is not
automatic, because a pregnant mimic can die from sorrow if they are separated
from their loved one for too long."

"So if you get pregnant and I ditch you, you could die."

"Yes, so I would need to be convinced that there might be a chance for you to
allow me to stay near you."

"When you have a baby? Is it just a clone of you?"

"No, mimic bodies collect the genetic material of our loved ones and mix the
collected genetic material with our own to create a viable offspring. Unlike in
human reproduction, the genetic material itself is insufficient to create a
viable offspring. The offspring are engineered based on the information
collected during interactions with loved ones."

"Wow, I am not sure how you did it, but you succeeded in making sexual
reproduction sound really boring."

Questions about reproduction led to Fera asking about Ryn's parents, if they
died in the gas attack (yes) and if they knew that he was a mimic (his father
did not), which is an extremely painful topic for Ryn.

...

Ryn explains the history of the Lunkers. People went underground to escape
laser-equipped orbital satellites that would indiscriminately kill anyone who
was on the surface during past wars.

In the Lunker colony, a young Lunker approaches them and says that they have
won a free boat ride for three.

"Congratulations, you've won a free, all-expenses-paid trip to Wieliczka salt
mine, including a free boat ride on Lake Wessel, for three people!

"Excuse us, we need to discuss." Fera said, drawing Mel and Ryn into a huddle.

"Don't you think it is suspicious that it's a free tip and boat ride
specifically for three people? There are exactly three of us. It seems a little
on the nose."

"We shouldn't look a gift horse in the mouth.", Mel said.

"That lake is an important part of the cultural heritage of Lunkers. I have
always wanted to see it.", Ryn said.

"It's a trap and I am going to say no and anyone who wants to stop me is going
to get a rock thrown at their head."

"Please Fera, let me talk to him, Lunker to Lunker. If it is a trap, I will
find out."

"Ok, go ahead, you have one minute."

Ryn walked up to Nil with a smile and started to talk with him in a quiet,
friendly voice. The conversation seemed to be going well until a rock hit Nil
in the side of the head with such force that he crumpled to the floor.

Fera pounced on Nil's chest a rock in each hand and started to make a few
improvements to his face.

Ryn and Mel looked on in horror. They wanted to stop Fera, but both felt that
it was better that Fera focused on Nil rather then them.

Once Fera was satisfied with the facial remodeling, leaned in close to Nil's
face and said "Who sent you?", in the lowest voice she could. Nil was
unfortunately very unconscious and unable to answer the question.

"Lunkers are useless. Let's get out of here."

Ryn and Mel quickly followed Fera, afraid that if they did not, they might be
next. Before long, another Lunker approached them, as before.

"Congratulations, you've won a free, all-expenses-paid trip to the Wieliczka
salt mine and a free boat ride on Lake Wessel for any number of people!"

Fera laughed, thinking it was a joke, then realized that the Lunker was
absolutely serious, and picked up a fresh pair of rocks.

"Who sent you?", Fera asked, raising one of the rocks.

"I got a gig job. "

"Your name is Oil?"

"My parents are trying to break the world record for most number of children
produced by a monogamous couple. They thought it would get confusing with so
many children so they created a system. The first letter of the first name of
each subsequent child is next letter of the alphabet."

Fera thought for a little while.

"You have 14 older siblings?"

"Actually, my parents don't keep track of our ages, so I am not sure what the
temporal order might be. All I know is that I am their 15th son and my sister
Nila is their 15th daughter."

"Nila was my mother's name!"

Fera remembered that Kaia's waipo's name (mother's mother's name) was Aila.
Perhaps Lunkers were not that different from Cacumina?

"Do you have an older brother named Nil by any chance?"

"Yes, of course I do! He was very excited this morning, because he got a big
job that he said would pay a lot of money. He said we would never go hungry
again! Then, I got this job, which also has a big payout. And all I have to do
is to take you to the lake and get you on the boat!"

""

"What happened to Nil?"

"He fell on his face. Repeatedly. So clumsy. He really should learn to be more
careful." Fera saw the two bloody rocks she had dropped earlier and hastily
kicked them away.

When Nil regained consciousness, he saw Fera and shrunk back in fear.

"Wakey, Wakey, Nil. After you fell down on your face repeatedly, we went to go
get help and ran into your brother Oil."

"I fell on my face?" Nil asked, surprised.

"Yes.", Fera emphasized, "Repeatedly. You're quite clumsy. You should really
learn to be more careful."

"Nil has never fallen down before..."

"Well, there's a first time for everything. We'll let you take us to your
stupid lake, but if you slow us down, we're going to leave you behind and go
ourselves."

Nil was on his feet in a flash. "No, if you go yourselves, we will not get
paid."

"Well, then you better not slow us down."

...

"Why is this place called Wieliczka?"

"This mine has been called many things over the years. Magnus Sal, from ancient Latin, and Gross Salce, from ancient German.

"Magnus Sal? Meaning great salt?"

"Yes, the translation of Magnus Sal into Ancient Polish, Wielka Sól, is the supposed origin of the name Wieliczka.

"These tunnels were carved by ancient miners."

"What were they mining?"

"Salt."

"What?! They couldn't desalinate sea water?"

"I guess not. The mine was a huge source of wealth. Salt was the main method to
keep food from spoiling."

"They did not have refrigerators? Or synthesizers to make their food?"

"I guess not. My understanding is that they had no electronics at all."

"How did they survive?"


"This is the part of the tunnel where the salt concentration is the highest.
You can taste the salt by licking any of the walls, but this part of the tunnel
is extra salty."

Ryn leaned in towards the wall, sticking out his tongue.

"Ryn, what are you doing?!"

"Tasting the salt." he said sheepishly.

"Do you know how many people have licked these walls before you?"

"No one knows for sure, but millions of people visit the salt mine every year
and the Licking Ring is very popular, because of its purported health benefits."

"This whole tunnel is filled with germs."

"Actually, the only microorganisms that can survive on the walls are halophilic
bacteria. The halophiles are one possible explanation for the health benefits
that many visitors report."

"No one is licking the walls." Fera said definitely. "Let's keep moving."

Nil describes the carvings in the walls and 

difficult to remember " They travel by underground train.
hyperloop. vacuum tunnel.

Ryn wants to impress her with Lunker technology and culture.
He offers to take her to an archaeology dig.

The door to the ancient structure opens when Fera approaches.

The AI inside greets Fera and explains that it observed Fera in the school and
was very impressed.

Even though Fera replaced all of the footage of her with deep fakes, the AI saved
copies before they were replaced.

The Lunkers lost the ancient war between dextrae and sinistrae.
The sinistrae retreated to the hidden silos.
The AI is based on a system called UNO, while other AIs are based on DOS.
The AI has been sabotaging DOS systems since the war ended for fun.
No one has noticed because DOS systems are innately terrible.

The AI offers Fera a choice to become the figurehead of the next revolution or
continue in her current state.

The drawback is that outside technology would cease to work for her, but
anything inside the silo would work for her. Also, dextrae AIs would try to
kill her so she needed to stay underground until they could destroy the satellites.

She notices that it makes Ryn sick, but does not affect the Principal.

Fera accepts and begins organizing the revolution.

The Principal becomes her administrative assistant. Ryn helps out by spreading
the word to all Lunkers. He cannot help inside the silo because he has to stay
outside the silo because it makes him sick.

The chapter ends with Fera, Naksos (Mel), and Ryn sleeping on the train on their way
to the refugee camp.
