## Chapter 4: Finally fitting in

"Is that a person flying?"

"Flying might not be the right word. I'd say 'falling in slow motion'?"

"What about 'levitating'?"

Kaia and Sata had been watching people in scuba gear rappel down into the water
around the crashed airship for a while, but the latest person to come down was
moving diagonally inside of straight down.

"OK, but how is possible? A jetpack?"

"Wouldn't a jetpack make noise?"

As Kaia and Sata were trying to agree on the correct term to describe the
person slowly descending down to the ground, someone else fell like a rock
out of the sky and into the water.

"Did you see that?"

"Yeah, I'd call that 'falling in fast motion'."

"Maybe someone accidentally unclipped from their rappelling device?"

"Come on, let's go see find the others and find out why people are dropping
from the sky."

When Kaia and Sata arrived at the campfire, everyone was standing and looking
up at the sky. Kaia and Sata could see that the slow-falling person had their
arms outstretched with a giant black bird on each arm. Up above, an airship was
now clearly visible. Iona came up to Kaia and Sata and gave them an update.

"The soldiers in diving gear being lowered down to crash had found no evidence
of sabotage. We've been cleared for transport to the refugee camp."

Iona could see that Sata and Kaia were not interested in the results of the
forensic investigation. Iona pointed up in the air and explained the strange
sight.

"That's Ben. He can control animalAutomatons like those carrierCrows that are
lowering him down to the ground. The one that fell into the water is his
brother Edl."

"Did Edl die?"

"From the fall into the water? It would take a lot more than that to kill Edl.
One time, a BugBall weighing almost a ton rolled over him. Anyone else would
have been crushed, but Edl got up and pushed the BugBall back towards the
opposing team."

When Ben touched down, the birds released his arms and Ben bowed deeply.
"Greetings! I am Ben and emerging from the water behind me is my brother Edl,
and we are here to rescue you." Edl stood be behind Ben, dripping wet. He
looked ready to defend Ben if needed, but he had a friendly expression on his
chiseled face.

"Took you long enough," Zek complained.

"We received your distress signal and changed course right away, but we had to
wait until the investigation of your airship had been completed," Ben
explained.

"Maybe you're the one who sabotaged our airship?" Zek conjectured. "You know,
even if you killed all of us, the performance group would still have more
members than the maker group."

"That's not funny. The MIG lost it's Vice President and quite possibly it's
Secretary earlier today."

"Did something happen to Ral?" Arla rushed up to Ben.

"I am afraid that Ral is still unaccounted for. The last time I saw him, he was
with Fera, the MIG Vice President."

"Fera? The Fera who staged the protest today?" Kaia asked.

"Yes, the very same!" Ben looked happy to see someone who knew Fera.

"Did Fera die in the explosion?" Kaia asked.

"It would appear so. We were tracking Fera's location and the signal
disappeared inside the city during the explosion," Ben answered.

"I saw her in the city as we were taking off. She was on a motorcycle with the
Principal," Kaia said dourly.

"Yes, the Principal was with Fera and Ral, the last time we saw them."

"We left her there and now she's dead," Kaia said despondently.

"Was Ral on the motorcycle with them?" Arla asked.

"I don't know. It only caught a glimpse of them," Kaia said.

"Why did the pilots not see them?" Iona asked.

Taz stepped forward. "The pilots lied about not seeing the motorcycle."

Kaia did not take any pleasure in being vindicated. "They saw Fera and still
left her?"

"They said that they didn't have a choice. They were under strict orders not to
touch back down after liftoff, no matter what."

Kaia was furious. "When were you going to tell us that they lied?"

"I found out myself this evening. I was grilling them about why they didn't
want to rendezvous here with us and they confessed."

"Kaia, I'm sorry I didn't believe you," Sata said softly. Kaia could tell that
Sata was genuinely sorry, but Kaia still felt angry. Kaia was angry at the
pilots for lying, at Sata for not believing her, and at herself for not being
able to discern hallucinations from reality.

"We are going to hold a memorial ceremony for Fera when we reach the refugee
camp," Ben said solemnly. "Speaking of the camp, do you think we could be on our
way there shortly? It's getting quite late."

"What's the rush," Zek said, "I have a little surprise for everyone." Zek ran
off and came back holding a net filled with fancy glass bottles. "I grabbed a
few bottles of champagne before we jumped. I kept them cool in the water."

"You had that many glass bottles in your jumpsuit while skydiving? Do you know
how dangerous that is?"

"I jumped solo, so I wasn't putting anyone else in danger. I took the risk
myself, but now we can all share the reward. Think of it like a workout for
your immune system and your liver. Sit down everyone. Let's finish off a few
bottles before we head to the refugee camp."

"We could drink on our airship," Ben offered.

"If your airship is anything like you, it will be stuffy and boring. Don't be
so uptight, Ben. Sit down and relax. Let's take advantage of the lakeside
ambiance. The refugee camp is going to crowded and noisy." Zek said. "Who knows
when we'll get another chance to talk in the peace and quiet like this again?

"We don't have any glasses," Ursa observed.

"We don't need glasses. We'll just pass the bottle around. If you're worried
about germs, the alcohol should take care of them."

Zek opened one of the bottles and passed it around.

Officer Kransal, Arla, Iona, Ben and Edl passed the bottle without drinking,
but Kaia, Sata, Ursa, Zek, Zok, and Lan each took big swigs. It was the first
time Kaia and Sata drank alcohol. They tried it out of curiosity and with the
hope that it might dull the horrible reality that they left Fera behind to die.

"Drinking alcohol is against our religion," Ben remarked, clearly wanting to
start a new conversation topic.

"What's your religion?" Kaia asked politely.

"Scenderism. We believe that the purpose of life is to prepare for the digital
afterlife. Drinking alcohol is counterproductive to that goal." Ben answered.

"Do you put your brains in vats like the EternalEnlightened?" Sata asked.

"No, Scenders do not need any physical form at all. When we scend, our bodies
and minds become completely decoupled. Until then, we must do our best to
preserve-"

Zek gleefully interrupted Ben. "Only the super rich can afford to scend. The
rest of us are going nowhere when we die, so can have fun without worrying
about the digital afterlife." Then, citing a proverb from a long-dead language,
Zek exclaimed, "Hulaj dusza, piekła nie ma!"

Ben was clearly trying to remain calm and composed, despite being quite upset.
"It is not a question of money. We have the required equipment here on Earth
and sufficient computational resources in orbital satellites. The main
obstacles to making scending universally available are related to ethics."

"So you could let everyone into the digital afterlife, but you don't know if
you should?"

"The digital afterlife is a community and new members must be unanimously
approved by all current community members. As the number of community members
increases, it becomes harder to secure a unanimous vote. Is it ethical to allow
someone to scend if they have no chance of being voted into the digital
afterlife? Their minds would occupy storage space while remaining inert,
inactive for eternity."

"Could you have more than one afterlife?"

"That idea was considered and rejected. Each afterlife would need to be kept
separate and have its own dedicated computational resources. As the afterlives
gained members over time, there would almost certainly be competition for
resources that could erupt in war between the communities."

Kaia and Sata looked at each other, trying to imagine what what a war between
rival afterlives would look like. As the conversation continued, Kaia and Sata
began to sway with the rhythm of the pulsing air around them. Zek reached to
pull out another bottle but found that the net was empty. Zek began solving a
math problem out loud. "There were 5 bottles. 750ml per bottle. 6 people
drinking. 625ml per person. 12.5% alcohol. 50 grams of alcohol per person."
Having arrived at the solution, Zek announced to everyone. "According to my
calculations, we are all quite drunk."

Ursa laughed condescendingly. "Zok and I drank most of it. You're a lightweight
who takes dainty little sips. Look at me, I'm Zek. I like to drink tea from my
little teacup with my pinky raised." Kaia and Sata thought Ursa's impression of
Zek was hilarious.

Zok joined in on the fun and started mocking his brother. "My name is Zek. I
have to write down my dumb thoughts, because I am afraid of dying without a
legacy."

"The struggle against the void is real," Zek answered. "You feel it too, don’t
you? Every day I wrestle with the futility of existence and ask 'Why are we
still here? Just to suffer?'"

"Scenders do not experience existential crises. If I am chosen to scend, I will
be able to continue my life's work for eternity." Ben said.

"If I had all the time in the universe, I doubt I could motivate myself to do
anything," Zek responded honestly.

"Are you in need of motivation? As a director, providing motivation is my
specialty. Your motivation is that you are blissfully happy to simply be in my
presence. Is that understood?" Iona grabbed Zek's hair and nodded his head for
him.

"Yes, ma'am. Crystal clear," Zek said meekly and snuggled up to Iona.

"Do you think we could head to the refugee camp now?"

Zek looked to Iona for the answer. "Yes, let's go."
...

"I write because I'm depressed and
I'm depressed because I write. I'm in a perpetual existential crisis and
struggle with the concept of mortality."



...

"We're all here and accounted for. The pilots have already been evacuated."

"Cowards," Kaia said quietly. No one said anything.

"The airship cannot land here, so you'll have to be lifted up to airship by the
rescue lines," Ben explained.

"You're not going with us?" Zek asked suspiciously.

"I'm going to go up that same way I came down," Ben said gesturing to the birds
flanking him.

"We can't just leave all of this wonderful food and drink!" Lan lamented.

"Some it has burned. Some it is flooded. Any glass containers are probably
broken," Iona said.

"We can ask the divers to go in again and check!" Lan implored.

"Recovering cargo is a waste of the divers' time and an unnecessary risk," Taz explained.

"I'll go get some diving gear and go get the supplies myself," Lan said walking
defiantly towards a group of soldiers.

Zek nodded to Zok and Iona touched Zok a gentle push. Zok approached Lan, who
immediately started to resist. "No, I won't go! You can't make me!"

Zok picked up and carried him to the cables dangling from a newly arrived
airship on his shoulder. "Let go of me, you brute! Just because you're strong
doesn't mean-" Zok began whispering into Lan's ear. Lan stopped struggling and
his eyes lit up. Kaia watched as they acted normal in a very conspicuous
manner.

After everyone (footnote: Edl, Iona, Kaia, Sata, Ursa, Zek, Zok, Lan, Taz,
Arla) was strapped into their respective harnesses, the cables began pulling
them upward. The broad, pale light illuminated them from above made it look
they were being abducted by aliens in low-budget movie about UFOs. Zok swung
closer to Zek and grabbed on to his harness. From the look on Zek's face, it
clear that Zok told him something that he did not like. Zek punched Zok right
in the face, braced his legs, and kicked Zok away.

Lan started swinging to build up to momentum towards Zek, ready to get revenge
for Zok. Spinning wildly out of control, Zok pushed off of whoever he could
trying to direct himself back towards Zek. Zek grabbed onto the cable and
started to climb it. Lan and Zok both swung at Zek, who brought up his legs up
high enough for Lan and Zok to swing harmlessly under. Zok pushed off of Lan
and they both swung around Edl in circles until the cables supporting the three
of them were intertwined like braided hair.

Lan pretended to be very dizzy, wrapped his arms around one of Edl's arms, and
wrapped his legs around one of Edl's legs. Zok climbed up Edl's body and
wrapped his arms around Edl's neck and his legs around Edl's waist. It looked a
baby and toddler were trying to take down the world's strongest man. Edl seemed
to have no clue what Zok and Lan were doing. He thought that it might be some
sort of game, but if it was, he had no idea how to play.

Kaia and Sata looked around for some clues as to what was going on. Ursa
appeared to be angry. She launched herself towards Zek and punched him right in
the gut. Zek looked very surprised as he folded in two and flew back from the
force of Ursa's blow. Iona and Ursa made eye contact right before fire erupted
from Iona's shoes and propelled her towards Ursa. As Iona and Ursa wrestled in
mid-air, the rockets in Iona's shoes swung them up and around until they were
wrapped up with Sata and Kaia.

Ursa put her arms around Kaia and Sata, bringing them in for a huddle. "I'm
trying to make Zok jealous. Pretend like you're having fun sexy fighting," Ursa
whispered before starting to giggle as Iona began to tickle her. Sata looked at
Kaia, shrugged, grabbed Ursa's head, and blew a raspberry on her cheek. Ursa
laughed so hard that she snorted. Kaia felt pangs of jealousy, but mostly felt
like was missing out on the fun. She maneuvered herself into position next to
Iona, and placed her her mouth of Iona's neck intending to blow a raspberry on
Iona's neck, but she became smitten by Iona's smell and froze in place like the
world's most hesitant vampire.

Ursa unzipped her jumpsuit with one hand, grabbed Sata's hair with the other,
and pretended to try to drown Sata in her cleavage. When Sata came up for air,
she had the biggest smile on her wide face. Sata dove back into Ursa's cleavage
and pretended she was a pig eating out of a trough, causing Ursa to laugh like
a maniac. Kaia saw this and was not sure what came over her. She gripped Iona
tighter and began to gently nibble on Iona's ear. When she heard Iona moan,
Kaia got excited and grabbed Iona's hair, pulling her head backward. When Kaia
saw a lone tear roll down Iona's cheek, she began to apologize to Iona for
hurting her, but she stopped apologizing when she saw the look on Iona's face.

Iona grabbed on to Kaia's harness and began to rub the tears on her cheeks onto
Kaia's face. Kaia felt oddly touched by this gesture. She had never seen Iona
express any kind of emotion before. In Iona, Kaia saw her own emotions being
reflected back at her. Kaia had felt like crying since Ben confirmed that Fera
was dead. Iona was so cool, composed, and in control at all times, that seeing
her cry stirred something deep inside Kaia. Rubbing her face into Iona's face
like a kitten begging to be stroked, Kaia let loose the emotions she had been
holding in.

As their tears mixed together, Kaia and Iona held each other's faces in their
hands. Kaia knew her own feelings mirrored the way Iona felt. Kaia and Iona
were on the same wavelength. They both felt sorrow and also the rapture of
cathartic release of emotions with someone who understood and shared those
emotions. Kaia felt grateful to Iona. Somehow, Kaia had stumbled upon exactly
what she needed. Kaia had no idea how to express her gratitude. She began to
gently kiss Iona's cheeks, absorbing Iona's tears with her lips.

"I think those two misunderstood what I meant by sexy fighting," Ursa whispered
to Sata.

"I dunno. I guess crying can be sexy. If you're into that kinda thing. And it
looks like they are really into it," Sata replied. "Do you want to try it?"

"I guess, but I can't really cry on command. I've cried on stage plenty of
times, but I have to get into character first and understand my character's
motivation."

"Your motivation is that someone just bit your boob," Sata said before burying
her face in the opening of Ursa's jumpsuit and chomping down. Ursa squealed and
lost control of her arms and legs. Sata started to laugh, but Ursa grabbed her
and looked into her eyes with a very serious expression. "Sata, do that again,
but this time pretend you're a shark tearing apart your prey. I want you to
really rip into me. Don't come back up until you taste blood." Sata
looked shocked, but then smiled mischievously. If this was a dream, Sata wanted
to get to the best part before she woke up.

As Sata channeled her inner shark, Ursa whispered violent words of
encouragement. "That's right, really sink your teeth into me. I want you to
leave me a scar to remember you by. Tear out a chunk and swallow it, so a piece
of me will be inside you forever." Ursa began to run her fingers through Sata's
hair, while Sata gnashed her teeth again Ursa's skin. When Sata hit a spot that
seemed to be particularly sensitive, Ursa threw her head back to let out a deep
guttural grunt.

All four girls were surprised when they felt their legs touching the ground.
They looked around and saw the confused, shocked faces of everyone around them.
All of them were frozen in place. Arla was holding on to Officer Kransal. Zek,
still doubled over after being punched by Ursa, was kneeling in front of them.
Zok and Lan were still holding on Edl. Ben walked in and started in inquire
about the trip up from the ground, but stopped as his brain struggled to
process what he was observing.

"Is everyone alright? Why are the rescue cables so tangled?" Ben asked.

Everyone exchanged looks. Not everyone understood what had happened and those
who did were not up to the task of explaining it. Ben picked up on this and
tried to change the subject.

"We'll be landing at the refugee camp shortly. You will not need your harnesses
anymore, so can take them off whenever you're ready."

Iona gingerly wiped Kaia's face and helped her undo the fastenings of her
harness. Kaia was sad to separate from Iona, but felt better after having a
good cry. Ursa leaned into Sata and whispered. "Next time, you'll know where to
bite. I got shot in that spot during on a spy mission." Sata laughed, assuming
it was a joke since Ursa's skin was perfectly smooth and devoid of anything
that might resemble a battle wound.

Ben led them to the fore observation deck. The lights from the refugee camp was
already visible.

"The airship must have crashed really close to the refugee camp," Kaia said.

"Yes, that's right. The artificial lake into which the airship crashed is
separated from the refugee camp only by the Vistula River and Wolski Forest. You
could have walked there in a little less than an hour."

"I'm glad we took a little detour," Kaia said, "but I'm happy that we're going
to be in one place for a little while."

"It may be more than a little while. Reconstruction of Katowice has already
begun, but there's little chance that any of the original residents will be
allowed to return."

"What?!"

"The government has a hard time evicting poor residents from cities. Tearing
down existing affordable housing to make room for ultra high-end skyscrapers is
really bad public relations. Closing public schools really isn't a good look
either. From the perspective of the government, the destruction of Katowice was
an boon. Yes, it was a boom and a boon!" Ben laughed at his own play on words.

"So, we might be in the refugee camp forever because only rich people are going
to be allowed to live in our city?"

"I doubt that anyone in the government would agree that it was your city. If I
were a cynic, I would say the government knew that Katowice was built on an
interconnected grid of self-destruct systems and did nothing to remedy the
situation."

"What set off the self-destruct systems?"

"Why it was our dear mutual friend Fera! Oh, but it might be best if you not
share that detail with anyone until after the remembrance ceremony we are
planning."

"Why did Fera blow up the city?"

"I believe there were several motivating factors. First, destroying the city
could have been a way for Fera to exert control and lash out against authority.
Fera had a difficult situation at home and a history of violence related to
abuse she suffered at the hands of her father. Second, I believe Fera was
trying to evidence of the changes she had made using the school's computer
systems."

"What changes did she make?"

"Fera obtained full pardons for you, Sata, and herself. She also replaced all
of the initiation rite recordings with deep fakes. There are recordings there
of all three of you flawlessly completing the initiation rite.

"Fera died after saving us and making sure we wouldn't have to go through the
rite again?" Kaia asked but burst into tears before Ben could confirm.

Sata, Ursa, and Iona swooped in just as Kaia was about to fall to her knees.
Surrounding Kaia, they hugged her from all sides and supported her physically
and emotionally.

Ben wiped tears from his eyes and began talking about Fera to no one in
particular. "She really was quite remarkable. The best Vice President, perhaps
even the best member, the MIG has ever had. At times, I forget that so was a
freshman. So much potential! I must admit that I was quite fond of her. Even
though a personal relationship between MIG Executives would have been very
unprofessional and a potential conflict of interest, I was considering the
possibilities of Fera and I attending the same university and perhaps even
working in the same laboratory! When I would be finishing up my postdoctoral
training, Fera could be beginning her own. Instead of immediately securing a
faculty position, I could work in industry for a few years, so that Fera and I
could start on the track to tenure together. Tenure would guarantee us both a
lifetime of intellectually-stimulating scholarship and academic productivity!"
Ben was breathing quickly by the end of his monologue. No one listening, but
Ben did not notice. He was lost in glorious visions of a future that could have
been.

At the center of a circle of love, Kaia felt much better. No howling winds. No
metallic tendrils. No skeletons. No dust mixed with bone fragments. She felt
warm and safe, surround by friends. Kaia felt that she was finally fitting in,
and not by pretending to be someone else, but rather by being her quirky,
imperfect self. Kaia was so lucky to have such amazing friends like Iona, Ursa,
and Sata. Even though Kaia had only known Fera for a very short time, Kaia knew
that Fera was also a great friend, despite her callous, indifferent demeanor.

The four girls continued their group hug long after the airship landed. When
Kaia looked up, she saw that apart from the group hug participants, the only
people left on the airship were Ben and Edl.

Ben was writing a speech for Fera's remembrance ceremony, while Edl watched Ben
tap away at the console.

I'm a little tired," Sata admitted. "Is there any way we could continue this
but rotated 90 degrees?"

Ben overheard and without looking up from the console he said, "Edl, could you
show the ladies the sleeping arrangements we have onboard our airship?"

The girls followed Edl upstairs to the top deck and down a corridor of doors.
They looked left and right as Edl showed them room after room.

"This is my room," Edl said proudly.

"Wow, your bed is so big," Sata said.

Edl thought deeply about the relativity of perspectives. "For me, it is normal
size."

"Can I try out your weights?" Ursa asked.

Edl nodded and Ursa locked stacks of plates into place on the bar and slid onto
the bench and started to bench press the bar. Kaia and Sata's jaws dropped when
they saw how much Ursa lift. They also could not help but notice that Ursa's
jumpsuit was still unzipped.

"Your eyes are about to bulge out your head, you sicko voyeur," Sata trying to
turn Kaia's head away.

"Well, everyone can hear you breathing hard, you pervert," Kaia fired back.

Ursa hopped off the bench feeling a rush of endorphins. When Ursa flexed and
growled, Sata and Kaia swooned and fell backward onto Edl's bed. Ursa laughed
after seeing the effect she had on the two younger girls.

Sata wriggled around on the bed. "Are these new sheets? They smell so nice!"

Edl nodded "Yes, all the bedding was replaced when the airship was restocked
this morning."

"It's your turn to show us what you got." Ursa said to Edl while gesturing
towards the bench. "You think you can lift more than me?"

Edl started to prepare the weights. Ursa was surprised to see Edl fill the bar
with plates.

"No way you can lift all that."

"Sorry, I wasn't thinking. I get distracted sometimes. I'll-"

"Well, now that you set everything up, you have to give it a try. Come one,
Iona and I will spot you."

Iona and Ursa positioned themselves on either end of Edl, who started to press
the bar, seemingly without much effort.

"OK, big guy, that's enough. I'm already impressed," Ursa cooed.

When Edl got up off the bench, Ursa put one hand on Edl's chest and another on
his arm.

"What else can do you with those big muscles?"

Edl thought deeply about the myriad uses for muscles. "I can play BugBall."

"Maybe you'd like to play with me sometime?" Ursa asked, winking provocatively
at Edl.

Edl's face lit up. "Yes! Yes, I would! You can meet me at Juvenia Stadium
tomorrow morning. I'll be practicing and training from dawn, but you can come
anytime."

"Is there anything you want to do now?" Ursa asked swirling her finger in a
circle on Edl's chest.

Edl thought deeply on his favorite activities. "I's too dark to play BugBall
right now..." Edl began. "I think now I'd like to sleep so I don't have to
wait until there's enough light to play BugBall."

Ursa was getting frustrated. "Isn't there... Don't you want to... Don't you
know what I mean?"

Edl looked flustered. He had never answered so many questions before. His
parents had bribed the Principal to fake Edl's initiation rite records. Edl
always felt confused and lost when Ben was not around. Knowing what people
meant was not something that Edl did particularly well on his own. Edl started
to look around the room for clues to what Ursa meant. Edl did not like
guessing. He could never guess anything correctly and everyone seemed to get
frustrated with him. He looked pleadingly at Iona for a hint.

"I think we should let Edl get some rest," Iona said and started to pull Ursa
away.

Ursa flew into a rage and lashed out Edl with her fists and feet. The fact that
her attacks seem to have no effect only added to her frustration. "You know
what I mean! No one could be that dense! If you're not up for it, just say so
you, coward!"

Iona saw how confused Edl looked and tried to explain. "I'm sorry, Ursa does
not handle rejection well. She also is going through a difficult time in her
relationship with-"

Ursa struck out with renewed fury. "You'd prefer to be with Zok and Lan? Is
that it? If that's it, why don't you just tell me?" Ursa fell down on the ground
in front of Edl. She looked up at Edl, her eyes filled with tears and rage. "My
hair, my nails, my skin, everything is perfect. You look at me and think it
must've been so easy, but it wasn't! All you do is lift weights and play
BugBall, and you think you're too good for me? Just because were born rich and
strong and handsome? Unlike you, I had to work and suffer to get where I am
today! Unlike you, I had to sacrifice everything to become who I am today!"

Ursa collapsed into puddle of tears. Iona picked Ursa up and carried her to
bed. Kaia and Sata looked at Ursa with an outpouring of love and concern. Ursa
curled up into a ball, crying, shivering, and letting out the occasional sob.
Kaia and Sata enveloped Ursa, trying to saturate her with affection, maximizing
their contact area for optimal diffusion.

Kaia felt closer to Ursa now more than ever. Usually, it was Kaia who made a
scene when she became overwhelmed by visions and emotions. Kaia never imagined
that Little Miss Perfect Ursa could also have a total meltdown. It seemed
obvious now that Ursa was a human being just like everybody else, but it
certainly had not been obvious to Kaia when they first met.

"Edl, I hope you won't think that this request is too terribly rude, but could
perhaps give us some time here alone?"

Edl looked at Iona with an absurd amount of hope in his eyes. "You mean, I can
leave?"

"Yes, I think that would be for the best. Do you think you might find another
place you could sleep tonight?" Iona asked gently.

"Yes! Yes, absolutely! Thank you!" Edl said, his eyes filling with tears as
relief washed over him. Edl wanted to show his gratitude to Iona for offering
to release him from this horribly confusing, impossible-to-understand
situation, but he wanted to escape even more, so he quickly trotted out of the
room without saying anything else.

Iona was glad that Edl had surrender his bed so readily. She walked up to the
bed and looked at the other girls. Ursa was still in fetal position, but she
had stopped crying and shivering. Sata and Kaia appeared to have gone to sleep
while comforting Ursa. Iona knew that Sata and Kaia had been through so much
that day that it was hard to imagine that it all happened in just one day.

Ursa was normally a fountain of positivity, but she clearly had a lot of
emotions that she kept hidden beneath the surface. A good night's sleep would
do them all a lot of good. Iona put a comforter over the other girls, turned
off the lights, and was getting ready to close the door behind her when Kaia
raised her head and asked Iona to wait.

"Kaia, I thought you were asleep."

"I'm kind of a light sleeper." Kaia said thinking of all the times she woken up
by strange dreams. "Where are you going?"

Iona took a few steps into the dark room. "I thought I would let you all rest
and head to another one of the rooms for the night."

"Iona, do you think you could stay here with us? Just for tonight? If not, I
understand, but it would be nice for all of to be together like we were
earlier."

Iona hoped that the room was dark enough so that Kaia would not see her tears.
Closing the door, Iona walked towards the bed in the darkness.

"Can you see in the dark?" Kaia asked concerned that Iona might trip over the
weight lifting equipment bolted to the floor.

"Yes, I can," Iona answered, smiling.

"But how? Your eyes don't glow in the dark, so I don't think you're a Lunker."

Iona laughed sweetly and sat on the bed. "I'll tell you another time, now it's
time to sleep."

When Iona laid down along the edge of the bed, Kaia spoke up again.

"Iona, I'm really sorry, but do you think you could sleep next to next to me?"

Iona moved next to Kaia.

"It's OK if don't want to, but could you hug my back, like Sata was hugging
Ursa?"

Iona smiled and was glad that she had no problem crying without making any
noise at all. Iona slid one arm underneath the pillow under Kaia's head and
pressed her torso into Kaia's back while hugging Kaia with her other arm.

"Iona, I know this is getting annoying, but could you put your leg in between
my legs? Sata always does that without me asking and I really like it. It won't
be too heavy for me. I'm used to it."

Iona slid her on of her legs in between Kaia's legs.

"Oh, that's perfect. That's just how Sata does it. Thank you Iona."

Iona wondered why she could not stop crying. She was afraid that her tears were
making Kaia's hair very wet and that Kaia would notice. Something about Kaia
being so sensitive, vulnerable, thoughtful, gentle, and kind, reminded Iona of
a world that had vanished long ago. Iona remembered that she had friends in
that long ago vanished world. Her friends understood what she going through
because they were going through the same things she was.

Iona knew that Zek loved her, but his love could not replace friendship. She
had never grown that close to Ursa, because they had never really needed each
other before today. Thanks to Kaia and Sata, Iona now felt that she learned a
lot about Ursa and also relearned something about herself. Iona understood that
Ursa was not impregnable and that she herself was not immune to emotion.
Despite everything that had happened and despite what she had become, Iona
still needed and craved emotional connections with friends.

Iona felt a part of her reawaken that night. A long since extinguished fire
became rekindled in her soul. Iona rejoiced as her faith became renewed. She
was on the correct path. All that was wrong would be set right. Everything that
was promised would be fulfilled. The righteous fire that had cleansed her
people from existence was necessary to bring her to this very place in time and
space. Iona allowed her doubts and fears to be washed away as her being became
replete with her belief in the larger scheme of things.

All Iona needed to do was to kept her faith, continue to walk the correct path,
and be prepared to sacrifice everything. If she did, her people would be reborn
free of the evils that plagued them in the long forgotten past. Then, Iona
would lead her people to retake their rightful place among the stars. She would
teach her people to believe as she did, to keep the faith as she did, so that
that nothing would corrupt them ever again, so that they would be worthy of
living among the stars for eternity.

Iona could see Kaia perfectly in the darkness. She could hear her heartbeat.
Iona knew she would do anything to preserve that heartbeat. Iona did not have
to worry about someday having to choose between Kaia and her faith, because
Kaia was her faith. Kaia represented Iona's renewal of faith, the rebirth of
her people, and the reincarnation that Iona herself would experience. Kaia was
proof that it was all possible, proof that it would all occur as foretold.

Iona would have followed Kaia even if Kaia were cruel and cold-hearted, because
that is what her faith dictated, because that is what was required to bring up
the shining future that Iona saw so clearly before her now. But Kaia was not
just a means to the ends that Iona so greatly desired for so long. Kaia was
good and pure. Iona knew that she would follow Kaia even if Kaia was not the
key to everything Iona believed in. When she was sure that Kaia was asleep and
would not need her until morning, Iona shutdown her processing units and went
into idle mode for the night.

The sun shining though the skylight above, woke Kaia the next morning.

"Did you sleep well, Kaia?"

"Oh, Iona. You're already awake?"

"I'm kind of a light sleeper as well."

Kaia got up and saw that Sata and Ursa were still sleeping.

"Iona, let's go to somewhere else, so we don't wake them."

Iona nodded and walked with Kaia to an adjacent room.

"Iona, thank you for staying with me last night. I also never thanked you for
saving me on the airship."

"There's no need to thank me."

"You knew exactly what to do with that defibrillator. Did you have medical
training?"

"I should be the one thanking you, Kaia. Yesterday, you saved me and gave me
hope that I was worth saving." Tears rolled down Iona's face.

"Iona, I don't understand. The only noteworthy things I did yesterday were to
fail the initiation rite and nosedive into the observation deck floor."

"Kaia, there's something I need to tell you, but you should sit down first."

Kaia sat down on the bed, but felt like she was sitting on pins and needles
while she waited for Iona to speak again.

Iona sat next to Kaia and spoke slowly. "Kaia, I am Thelusian."

Kaia took some time to process the news. In Kaia's visions, the Thelusians were
her enemies during the war and her allies after the war was over.

"But Thelusians are machines and you're a human."

"I look human, and I was human once, but I chose to become a machine, so that I
could help you achieve your destiny."

"My destiny?!"

"Yes, I believe that you are destined to bring about the rebirth of Mars and
Thelus."

Kaia was stunned. "In my visions, I see the war, Thelus crashing into Mars, and
afterwards..." The dust began shift on the floor of the room. Iona took Kaia's
hand and touched her face, trying to maintain Kaia's foothold on reality.

"Kaia, take it easy. Just focus on me and my voice. I will explain everything."
The dust faded away and Kaia returned to the present moment. Iona began to explain.

"Since the collapse of the Martian and Thelusian civilizations, I have been
searching for people who can experience both the past and the
present, sometimes shifting between the two and at other times essentially
living in two realities simultaneously."

"That sounds like me."

"Yes, we call people like you Echos. Your connection to the past manifests
itself as visions and dreams."

"How do I make them stop?"

"The only way to stop the visions is to fulfill your destiny."

"How do I do that?"

"For now, you can live your life as normal, but in secret you should begin
training."

"Are you going to train me?"

"Only another Echo can train you."

"Where are we going to find another nutcase like me?"

"We won't have to look far. Zek will train you."

"Zek? He has visions like mine? He seems normal."

"Zek's visions are not nearly as strong as the ones you experience. Zek will
only be able to take you to a certain point, but you should be able figure
things out on your own after you get started. Do you think you might be able to
begin training today?"

"Do I really need to train? Maybe Zek can handle the whole destiny thing? If
not Zek, then maybe another Echo?"

"If Zek could restore Mars and Thelus, he would have already done so. You are
the only one who can."

"What if I can't do it?"

"Your visions will continue to intensify throughout your life and you will
progressively lose your ability to experience the present."

"That sounds really bad."

"Yes, but don't worry. If you train with Zek, you can learn to control your
visions to a degree."

"OK, I guess I'll do the training."

"That's great. Right now, only Ursa, Zek, Zok, and I know that you're an Echo.
You should keep all of this a secret for now, even from Sata."

"I don't think Sata would believe any of this. I am not sure I do either.
Speaking of Sata, maybe we should check on them?"

Kaia and Iona walked into Edl's room and saw that Ursa and Sata were already
awake. Ursa was sitting on the gym bench doing bicep curls while Sata braided
her hair. When she saw Iona and Kaia, Ursa dropped the weights and ran over to
them with Sata following close behind. After Sata quizzed them about their
whereabouts, Ursa pointed to the console and said, "There's a message
notification for us. We were waiting so we could all watch it together."

A video of Ben began to play on the walls of the room. "Good morning, I trust
that you slept well and are ready for your first day in your new home. My
brother came to me in tears last night and told me about what had happened.
From what I could piece together, Edl said something to greatly offend Ursa. I
can assure you that Edl had no intention to offend anyone. I am deeply sorry
for whatever it was that my brother said. I take full responsibility. I should
have accompanied you last night to make sure there were no misunderstandings.
You see, my brother has difficulties understanding social cues. Interactions
that seem ordinary to us can leave Edl absolutely befuddled. While this cannot
excuse our error or repair the damage it caused, I hope that this explanation
will be the first step towards making amends. My brother and I would like to
apologize to you all, and to Ursa in particular, at your nearest convenience.
You may find us Juvenia Stadium each morning, in the maker workshop tent each
afternoon, or at Fera's remembrance ceremony this evening. Please feel free to
stay in the airship for as long as you like. If you are hungry, please help
yourselves to anything you like in the kitchen at the end of the hallway.
I will be looking forward to our next meeting. Sincerely, Benairviz Divites"

After the video finished playing, Ursa turned to others with her eyes ablaze
and said, "When we get to Juvenia Stadium, I'm going to kick a BugBall straight
at Edl's head."

"Ursa, he didn't mean to offend you," Iona said sharply.

"I know, but it will still make me feel better."

"Let's get breakfast first," Sata said.

The first thing Kaia noticed about the kitchen was a crystal bowl filled with
fruit in the center of the table. The bowl was attached to the table but there
was nothing stopping the fruit from flying everywhere in the event of extreme
turbulence. Kaia walked up to the bowel and picked up a large spiky fruit.

"Is this real?" Kaia asked. She had never encountered fruit with plastic
packaging before.

"Yes, all of the fruit is real."

Perplexed, Kaia asked, "Do rich people just leave real fruit lying around?"

Sata jumped in before any could answer. "Do they also have bowls of assorted
precious stones and metals?"

"How do eat this? Cut it? Bite it?"

"That one is a durian, so you would cut it, but you might want to pick a
different fruit, because durians produce a very strong odor." Ursa said, taking
the spiky fruit from Kaia and putting it back into the bowl.

Kaia picked a long, curved yellow fruit and looked at Ursa.

"That one you peel."

Kaia looked back and forth between Ursa and the fruit. "How do I peel it?"

Iona stepped up and provided a scientific explanation. "You can either pinch it
open from the bottom or open it from the top. The majority of emojis show the
banana open from the top. Here, allow me."

Kaia tried the banana. She had eaten banana chips, which were hard and crunchy,
and banana puree, which was soft and mushy, but never a whole banana. Sata
asked for a bite, then proceeded to eat the rest of the banana. Kaia reached
for another banana.

"Kaia, let's have eggs before we more fruit," Iona said cracking eggs into a
bowl.

Kaia and Sata watched as Iona prepared breakfast and Ursa put plates, spoons,
and silverware on the table. Kaia had never seen eggs that did not come in a
carton. Kaia's first impression of real food was positive, but her heading was
spinning from all the steps required to prepare it.

Iona sprinkled salt and ground pepper into the eggs and mixed gently, before
pouring the eggs onto a hot buttered pan. Then, she put bread into the toaster,
cut open avocados lengthwise, sinking the knife into each avocado pit to remove
it, diced tomatoes, onions, peppers, and cilantro with amazing speed, throwing
the diced vegetables into a bowl before adding salt and lime juice and mixing
vigorously. Finally, Iona sliced the avocado mesocarp lengthwise by running the
edge of a knife in parallel lines along the inside of the exocarp.

As soon as Iona put the avocados, eggs, and toast on separate plates in the
middle of the table next to the bowl of diced vegetables, Ursa started
arranging ingredients on her plate. Ursa put an egg sunny-side down on top of
toast, ruptured the yolk to let it soak into the toast, and topped the egg with
three avocado slices and a spoonful of diced vegetables. Kaia and Sata tried
their best to follow Ursa's lead. The result was divinely delicious.

"Thank you for preparing all this wonderful food, Iona," Kaia said.

"Thank you, Iona," Sata said in between mouthfuls. "Iona, you're not eating?"

"No, I'm fasting," Iona replied while cleaning up and tidying the kitchen.

"Iona, only eats when no one is looking," Ursa said with a smile.

"Should we save you some for later?" Sata asked.

"No need. I can always make more." Iona replied.

Kaia began to wonder if Iona ate at all. Do Thelusians eat?

When they finished eating Kaia and Sata could barely move. "Is it OK if we walk
arm-in-arm to Juvenia Stadium?" Kaia asked shyly. "I don't think I can walk on
my own after eating so much delicious food." Everyone agreed that linking arms
was an excellent idea. The girls walked in a concave shape as Ursa and Iona
gently pulled Sata and Kaia forward.

Before leaving the airship, Iona pulled out four pairs of sunglasses from a
compartment and handed them out. The sun outside the airship was shining
brightly and Kaia was glad the Iona had thought of everything.

"There are lots of people."

"The camp was filled with refugees before our city was destroyed. There is
simply not enough room for everyone. Most of the new residents still live on
airships at an ancient airport to the west of the camp."

"So our parents are probably not here yet."

"Yes, they would need special permission to be transferred to the camp. We can
ask Ben to pull some strings. His family is very influential," Iona answered.

Kaia was a bit disappointed to see that Juvenia Stadium was just a field with a
few rows of seats on one side. In the row closest to the field, Ben and Zek
were both tapping away at consoles located behind the thin barrier separating
the seats from the field. Zok and Edl were running drills on the field, but
when Edl noticed the girls, he dropped his BugBall, ran towards them, stopped
and yelled for his brother. Ben looked up, hopped onto his seat, then jumped
onto the barrier, and leapt out over the field. Two giants carrierCrows caught
Ben in mid-air and then drop him in front of the girls. Edl ran up behind Ben
and they both started to apologize.

Ursa put her hands on her hips. "Stop, I don't want to hear it! The only way
I'll forgive you is if you defeat us in BugBall match, four-on-four, girls
versus boys. But if we win, you'll arrange for each of us to have VIP tents and
have Kaia and Sata's families transferred to the refugee camp."

Kaia whispered in Ursa's ear.

Ursa added another demand. "And a VIP tent and transfers for Fera's family
too!"

Ben agreed. He and Ursa shook hands.

Sata seemed worried. "Wait, we've never played BugBall before. We don't even
know the rules."

"Well, it's about time you learned," Ursa said.

Iona began to explain the game. "The field is set up for two teams, orange and
blue. Each team will start with one BroodBug egg, two BeastBug eggs, and four
BunnyBug eggs."

"Wait, we didn't eat bug eggs for breakfast, did we?"

"No, those were bioreactor-grown unfertilized chicken eggs. Unlike chickens,
BugBall bugs are polymorphic and therefore can vary greatly. Once a BroodBug hatches,
it will produce new bug eggs for our team. When BeastBugs hatch, they
eat whatever bugs and eggs are closest, regardless of what team the-"

"Let's just play and explain along the way." Ursa interrupted Iona's
explanation by yanking Sata and Kaia onto the field. "Come on, we'll be the
orange team!" Ursa stopped in front of the three largest orange bug eggs, each
about a meter in diameter. "Let's start by hatching a BroodBug egg and a
BeastBug egg."

Iona ran up behind the other girls. "We should hatch the two BeastBug eggs
first. The blue team is going to try to rush us." On the opposite side of the
field, Edl was dribbling two blue BeastBug eggs at the same time, while Ben,
Zek, and Zok were sitting on blue BunnyBug eggs and chatting.

"Edl thinks he win by himself!" Ursa yelled, enraged and disgusted.

Iona took command. "Kaia, help me bounce this BeastBug egg. Sata, help Ursa
with the other BeastBug egg."

"Why are we bouncing the eggs?" Sata asked.

Iona was happy to explain. "Dribbling heats up the eggs. With enough time and
heat, the eggs will hatch."

Sata quickly lost interest in the explanation. "Ursa, you might want to zip up
your jumpsuit. The sight of you dribbling is making Kaia overheat."

Iona tried to keep Sata on task. "Sata, stay focused on dribbling."

Sata was indignant. "Me?! Look at Kaia! How can she focus on dribbling when
she's staring down Ursa's shirt?"

Ursa smiled warmly while continuing to dribble. "I don't mind if she looks. You
can look too. You should be proud of the bite marks you left." Sata blushed and
fell silent. Kaia laughed, surprised that Sata got embarrassed by her favorite
kind of joke.

Soon, both eggs had grown large enough that they were almost as tall as Kaia.
Ursa pointed to the opposite side of the field. "The eggs are about to hatch.
We need to start moving the eggs to the other side of the field. If they hatch
here, they will start eating our eggs."

"Edl is charging us with two BeastBug eggs!" Iona yelled.

Ursa knew exactly what to do. "Sata, help Kaia roll the egg. Iona, you'll have
to manage on your own. I'm going to slow him down."

Ursa ran off with a orange BunnyBug egg under each arm and kicked one of the
blue BeastBug eggs away from Edl. When the other blue BeastBug hatched, Ursa
started leading it away, using the two orange BunnyBug eggs as bait. Ursa then
punted the BunnyBug eggs towards the spot where Ben, Zek, and Zok were sitting.
Noticing that a blue BeastBug was heading straight for them, Ben and Zok tried
to lead it away with blue BunnyBug eggs, while Zok began rolling the blue
BroodBug egg away.

Ursa started dribbling the other blue BeastBug egg. Soon, there wre two blue
BeastBugs began chasing after Zok. Ben and Zok threw their BunnyBug eggs at the
BeastBugs to slow them down. While the BeastBugs devoured the four blue
BunnyBugs that Ben and Zok had thrown and the two orange BunnyBug eggs that
Ursa had kicked, Edl took over for Zok and rolled the blue BroodBug egg past
the blue BeastBugs towards the opposing team.

Iona turned around towards Kaia and Sata. "Run back to our BroodBug Egg and
keep it safe!" Extremely confused, Kaia and Sata left their egg and started
running toward the orange BroodBug egg. Ursa caught up with Edl, jumped onto
his back, and put him into a choke hold. Not being able to breathe did not seem
to bother Edl and he kept pushing the blue BroodBug egg down the field with the
two blue BeastBugs in pursuit.

Edl almost made it the end of the field before the two blue BeastBugs caught up
with him and ripped into the blue BroodBug egg from both sides. Edl abandoned
the blue BroodBug egg and started running toward the orange BroodBug. Iona
dribbled the two orange BeastBugs eggs and then just as the eggs were hatching,
she kicked them towards the two blue BeastBugs. The newly hatched orange
BeastBugs were no match for the older and larger blue BeastBugs and were
quickly torn apart and consumed.

Crossing the field in a flash, Edl took the orange BroodBug egg from Kaia and
Sata, and started rolling it towards the blue BeastBugs. Ursa jumped off of
Edl's back and started pushing against the BroodBug egg to slow Edl down. When
Iona joined Ursa, they rolled onto their backs, braced her legs against the egg
and kicked up as the egg was rolling over them. The egg bounced the field and
Edl flew forward tripping over Ursa and Iona. Ursa started dribbling the orange
BroodBug egg away, while Iona tried to keep Edl pinned to the ground. Edl got
free and caught up to Ursa quickly, but Ursa gave the egg a powerful kick way
over Edl's head and towards Iona.

Iona and Ursa began kicking the orange BroodBug egg to each other while Edl and
the blue BeastBugs ran back and forth between them. The blue BeastBugs appeared
to get tired and rolled up into balls. Edl showed no signs of tiring and kept
running until the orange BroodBug hatched. Edl started pushing one of
the rolled-up BeastBugs towards the orange BroodBug, but then stopped when an
alarm blared to inform everyone that the time limit had been surpassed.

"Congratulations on a resounding victory!" Ben said reaching out to shake Kaia
and Sata's hands.

"We just ran around aimlessly." Sata admitted. "And the three of you just sat
around the whole time, so it really was just Iona and Ursa versus Edl."

Ben seemed unsure of how to respond at first. "Well, it is normal for teams to
rely on their strongest players, but that does not diminish the importance of
teamwork."

Edl slumped against the rolled-up BeastBug and started crying. Everyone gathered
around Edl.

"What a sore loser," Ursa remarked with disgust.

"Edl, what's wrong?" Ben asked.

Edl started blubbering in between sobs. "We lost, Ben, and now they're not
going to forgive us. I don't know what I did wrong, but I just don't want
anyone to be mad at me. Ben, I tried really hard. I really, really tried."

"Ursa, is there any way you might forgive us even though we lost?" Ben asked.

Ursa crossed her arms. "Edl thought he could beat us without any help from
anyone else! And now when he's crying just because he lost."

Ben "Please Ursa, if there is anything we can do, please tell us."

Ursa was not sure of what else to ask for and looked to Iona for help. Iona
whispered in Ursa's ear. Ursa laid out her demands. "On top of the VIP tents
and transfers, every member of your family has to become a PlatinumPatron
of the performance group and attend both of our upcoming performances!"

Everyone looked at Ben, who was shocked that the requests were so minor. "Yes,
of course, I will start making the arrangements immediately. Kaia, Sata, and
Fera's families should arrive this afternoon. You can all move into your
respective tents this evening."

Edl looked up at Ursa with hope in his eyes. "You're not mad at me anymore?"

Ursa turned red. "You got off easy this time, but you'd better be on your best
behavior, because next time I will not be so merciful!"

Edl nodded, stood up, could not decide what to say, and ran off the field. Ursa
turned to the other girls and said, "Come on, ladies, let's hit the showers."
Sata's face lit up as she began thinking of lewd jokes to make in the showers.
Kaia was happy to see Sata having a good time. In a surprisingly good mood,
Kaia tried not to think about the weird conversation that she had with Iona
earlier that morning.

As she walked toward the locker room with the other girls, Kaia felt like
things were turning out alright. The prospect of living in the refugee camp
permanently did not seem so bad anymore. Kaia was glad that she and Sata would
see their parents, but also sad that Fera's parents would never be reunited
with their daughter. Kaia decided that she would try to talk to Fera's parents
at the remembrance ceremony later that evening.
