## Chapter 5: Sore loser

The sun shining though the skylight above, woke Kaia the next morning.

"Did you sleep well, Kaia?"

"Oh, Iona. You're already awake?"

"I'm kind of a light sleeper."

"Me too," Kaia said thinking of how often she woke up after having
strange dreams. Kaia got up and saw that Sata and Ursa were still sleeping.

"Iona, let's go to somewhere else, so we don't wake them."

Iona nodded and walked with Kaia to the living room of the tent.

"Iona, thank you for staying with me last night. I also never thanked you for
saving me on the airship."

"There's no need to thank me, Kaia. In fact, I should be the one thanking you.
Yesterday, you gave me hope."

"Iona, I don't understand. The only noteworthy things I did yesterday were to
fail the initiation rite and nosedive into the observation deck floor."

"Kaia, there's something I need to tell you, but you should sit down first."

Kaia sat down on the chair, but felt like she was sitting on pins and needles
while she waited for Iona to speak again.

Iona sat next to Kaia and spoke slowly. "Kaia, I am a Thelusian."

Kaia took some time to process the news. In Kaia's visions, the Thelusians were
her enemies during the war and her allies after the war was over.

"But Thelusians are machines and you're a human."

"I look human, and I was human once, but I chose to become a machine, so that I
could help you achieve your destiny."

"My destiny?!"

"Yes, I believe that you are destined to bring about the rebirth of Mars and
Thelus."

Kaia was stunned. "In my visions, I see the war, Thelus crashing into Mars, and
afterwards..." The dust began shift on the floor of the room.

Iona held Kaia's hand and touched her face, trying to maintain Kaia's grasp on
reality. "Kaia, take it easy. Just focus on me and my voice. I will explain
everything." The dust faded away and Kaia returned to the present moment. Iona
began to explain.

"Since the collapse of the Martian and Thelusian civilizations, I have been
searching for people who can experience both the past and the present,
sometimes shifting between the two and at other times essentially living in two
realities simultaneously."

"That sounds like me."

"Yes, we call people like you Echos. Your connection to the past manifests
itself as visions and dreams."

"How do I make them stop?"

"The only way to stop the visions is to fulfill your destiny by restoring Mars
and Thelus to their former glory."

"How do I do that?"

"For now, you should continue living your life as you would normally, but in
secret you should begin training, so you will ready to ."

"Are you going to train me?"

"Only another Echo can train you."

"Where are we going to find another nutcase like me?"

"We won't have to look far. Zek will train you."

"Zek? He has visions like mine? He seems normal."

"Zek's visions are not nearly as strong as the ones you experience. Zek will
only be able to take you to a certain point, but you should be able figure
things out on your own after you get started. Do you think you might be able to
begin training today?"

"Do I really need to train? Maybe Zek can handle the whole destiny thing? If
not Zek, then maybe another Echo?"

"If Zek could restore Mars and Thelus, he would have already done so. You are
the only one who can."

"What if I can't do it?"

"Your visions will continue to intensify throughout your life and you will
progressively lose your ability to experience the present."

"That sounds really bad."

"Yes, but don't worry. If you train with Zek, you can learn to control your
visions to a degree."

"OK, I guess I'll do the training."

"That's great. Right now, only Ursa, Zek, Zok, and I know that you're an Echo.
You should keep all of this a secret for now, even from Sata."

"I don't think Sata would believe any of this. I am not sure I do either.
Speaking of Sata, maybe we should check on them?"

Kaia and Iona walked into Edl's room and saw that Ursa and Sata were already
awake. Ursa was sitting on the gym bench doing bicep curls while Sata braided
her hair. When she saw Iona and Kaia, Ursa dropped the weights and ran over to
them with Sata following close behind. After Sata quizzed them about their
whereabouts, Ursa pointed to the console and said, "There's a message
notification for us. We were waiting so we could all watch it together."

A video of Ben began to play on the walls of the room. "Good morning, I trust
that you slept well and are ready for your first day in your new home. My
brother came to me in tears last night and told me about what had happened.
From what I could piece together, Edl said something to greatly offend Ursa. I
can assure you that Edl had no intention to offend anyone. I am deeply sorry
for whatever it was that my brother said. I take full responsibility. I should
have accompanied you last night to make sure there were no misunderstandings.
You see, my brother has difficulties understanding social cues. Interactions
that seem ordinary to us can leave Edl absolutely befuddled. While this cannot
excuse our error or repair the damage it caused, I hope that this explanation
will be the first step towards making amends. My brother and I would like to
apologize to you all, and to Ursa in particular, at your nearest convenience.
You may find us at Juvenia Stadium each morning, in the Maker Tent each
afternoon, or at Fera's remembrance ceremony this evening. Please feel free to
stay in the Edl's tent for as long as you like. If you are hungry, please help
yourselves to anything you like in the kitchen at the end of the hallway. I
will be looking forward to our next meeting. Sincerely, Benderrod Pembrok"

After the video finished playing, Ursa turned to others with her eyes ablaze
and said, "When we get to Juvenia Stadium, I'm going to kick a BugBall straight
at Edl's head."

"Ursa, he didn't mean to offend you," Iona said sharply.

"I know, but it will still make me feel better."

"Let's get breakfast first," Sata said.

The first thing Kaia noticed about the kitchen was a crystal bowl filled with
fruit in the center of the table. The bowl was attached to the table but there
was nothing stopping the fruit from flying everywhere in the event of extreme
turbulence. Kaia walked up to the bowel and picked up a large spiky fruit.

"Is this real?" Kaia asked. She had never encountered fruit without plastic
packaging before.

Iona nodded. "Yes, all of the fruit in that bowl is real."

Perplexed, Kaia asked, "Do rich people just leave real fruit lying around?"

Sata jumped in before any could answer. "Do they also have bowls of assorted
precious stones and metals?"

Kaia turned the fruit around in her hands looking for an opening. "How do eat
this? Cut it? Bite it?"

"That one is a durian, so you would cut it, but you might want to pick a
different fruit, because durians are a bit smelly." Ursa said, taking
the spiky fruit from Kaia and putting it back into the bowl.

Kaia picked a long, curved yellow fruit and looked at Ursa.

"That's a banana. You need to peel it."

Kaia looked back and forth between Ursa and the fruit. "How do I peel it?"

Iona stepped up and provided a scientific explanation. "You can either pinch it
open from the bottom or open it from the top. The majority of emojis show the
banana open from the top. Here, allow me."

Kaia bit into the banana. She had eaten banana chips, which were hard and crunchy,
and banana puree, which was soft and mushy, but never a whole banana. Sata
asked for a bite, then proceeded to eat the rest of the banana. Kaia reached
for another banana.

"Kaia, let's have eggs before you eat more fruit," Iona said cracking eggs into
a bowl.

Kaia and Sata watched as Iona prepared breakfast and Ursa put plates, spoons,
and silverware on the table. Kaia had never seen eggs that did not come in a
carton. Kaia's first impression of real food was positive, but her heading was
spinning from all the steps required to prepare it.

Iona sprinkled salt and ground pepper into the eggs and mixed gently, before
pouring the eggs onto a hot buttered pan. Then, she put bread into the toaster,
cut open avocados lengthwise, sinking the knife into each avocado pit to remove
it, diced tomatoes, onions, peppers, and cilantro with amazing speed, throwing
the diced vegetables into a bowl before adding salt and lime juice and mixing
vigorously. Finally, Iona sliced the avocado mesocarp lengthwise by running the
edge of a knife in parallel lines along the inside of the exocarp.

As soon as Iona put the avocados, eggs, and toast on separate plates in the
middle of the table next to the bowl of diced vegetables, Ursa started
arranging ingredients on her plate. Ursa put an egg sunny-side down on top of
toast, ruptured the yolk to let it soak into the toast, and topped the egg with
three avocado slices and a spoonful of diced vegetables. Kaia and Sata tried
their best to follow Ursa's lead. The result was divinely delicious.

"Thank you for preparing all this wonderful food, Iona," Kaia said.

"Thank you, Iona," Sata said in between mouthfuls. "Iona, you're not eating?"

"No, I'm fasting," Iona replied while cleaning up and tidying the kitchen.

"Iona, only eats when no one is looking," Ursa said with a smile.

"Should we save you some for later?" Sata asked.

"No need. I can always make more," Iona replied.

Kaia began to wonder if Iona ate at all. Do Thelusians eat? When they finished
eating Kaia and Sata could barely move. "Is it OK if we walk arm-in-arm to
Juvenia Stadium?" Kaia asked shyly. "I don't think I can walk on my own after
eating so much delicious food." Everyone agreed that linking arms was an
excellent idea. The girls walked in a concave shape as Ursa and Iona gently
pulled Sata and Kaia forward.

Before leaving the tent, Iona pulled out four pairs of sunglasses from a
compartment and handed them out. The sun outside the tent was shining
brightly and Kaia was glad the Iona had thought of everything.

"There are lots of people."

"The camp was filled with refugees before our city was destroyed. There is
simply not enough room for everyone. Most of the adult still live on airships
at an ancient airport to the west of the camp."

"So our parents are definitely not here."

"Yes, they would need special permission to be transferred to the camp. Maybe
we can ask Ben to pull some strings. His family is very influential," Iona
answered.

Kaia was a bit disappointed to see that Juvenia Stadium was just a field with a
few rows of seats on one side. In the row closest to the field, Ben and Zek
were both tapping away at consoles located behind the thin barrier separating
the seats from the field. Zok and Edl were running drills on the field, but
when Edl noticed the girls, he ran towards them, remembered that he was
terrified of Ursa, stopped, and yelled for his brother. Ben looked up, hopped
onto his seat, then jumped onto the barrier, and leapt out over the field. Two
giants carrierCrows caught Ben in mid-air and then drop him in front of the
girls. Edl ran up behind Ben and they both started to apologize.

Ursa put her hands on her hips. "Stop, I don't want to hear it! The only way
I'll forgive you is if you defeat us in BugBall match, four-on-four, girls
versus boys. But if we win, you'll buy VIP tents for Kaia, Sata, and Fera's
families and have them all transferred to the refugee camp."

Ben agreed. He and Ursa shook hands.

Sata seemed worried. "Wait, we've never played BugBall before. We don't even
know the rules."

"Well, it's about time you learned," Ursa said.

Iona began to explain the game. "The field is set up for two teams, orange and
blue. Each team will start with one BroodBug egg, two BeastBug eggs, and four
BunnyBug eggs."

"Wait, we didn't eat bug eggs for breakfast, did we?"

"No, those were bioreactor-grown unfertilized chicken eggs. Unlike chickens,
BugBall bugs are polymorphic and therefore can vary greatly. Once a BroodBug hatches,
it will produce new bug eggs for our team. When BeastBugs hatch, they
eat whatever bugs and eggs are closest, regardless of what team the-"

"Let's just play and explain along the way." Ursa interrupted Iona's
explanation by yanking Sata and Kaia onto the field. "Come on, we'll be the
orange team!" Ursa stopped in front of the three largest orange bug eggs, each
about a meter in diameter. "Let's start by hatching a BroodBug egg and a
BeastBug egg."

Iona ran up behind the other girls. "We should hatch the two BeastBug eggs
first. The blue team is going to try to rush us." On the opposite side of the
field, Edl was dribbling two blue BeastBug eggs at the same time, while Ben,
Zek, and Zok were sitting on blue BunnyBug eggs and chatting.

"Edl thinks he win by himself!" Ursa yelled, enraged and disgusted.

Iona took command. "Kaia, help me bounce this BeastBug egg. Sata, help Ursa
with the other BeastBug egg."

"Why are we bouncing the eggs?" Sata asked.

Iona was happy to explain. "Dribbling heats up the eggs. With enough time and
heat, the eggs will hatch."

Sata quickly lost interest in the explanation. "Ursa, you might want to zip up
your jumpsuit. The sight of you dribbling is making Kaia overheat."

Iona tried to keep Sata on task. "Sata, stay focused on dribbling."

Sata was indignant. "Me?! Look at Kaia! How can she focus on dribbling when
she's staring down Ursa's shirt?"

Ursa smiled warmly while continuing to dribble. "I don't mind if she looks. You
can look too. You should be proud of the bite marks you left." Sata blushed and
fell silent. Kaia laughed, surprised that Sata got embarrassed by her favorite
kind of joke.

Soon, both eggs had grown large enough that they were almost as tall as Kaia.
Ursa pointed to the opposite side of the field. "The eggs are about to hatch.
We need to start moving the eggs to the other side of the field. If they hatch
here, they will start eating our eggs."

"Edl is charging us with two BeastBug eggs!" Iona yelled.

Ursa knew exactly what to do. "Sata, help Kaia roll the egg. Iona, you'll have
to manage on your own. I'm going to slow him down."

Ursa ran off with a orange BunnyBug egg under each arm and kicked one of the
blue BeastBug eggs away from Edl. When the other blue BeastBug hatched, Ursa
started leading it away, using the two orange BunnyBug eggs as bait. Ursa then
punted the BunnyBug eggs towards the spot where Ben, Zek, and Zok were sitting.
Noticing that a blue BeastBug was heading straight for them, Ben and Zok tried
to lead it away with blue BunnyBug eggs, while Zok began rolling the blue
BroodBug egg away.

Ursa started dribbling the other blue BeastBug egg. Soon, there wre two blue
BeastBugs began chasing after Zok. Ben and Zok threw their BunnyBug eggs at the
BeastBugs to slow them down. While the BeastBugs devoured the four blue
BunnyBugs that Ben and Zok had thrown and the two orange BunnyBug eggs that
Ursa had kicked, Edl took over for Zok and rolled the blue BroodBug egg past
the blue BeastBugs towards the opposing team.

Iona turned around towards Kaia and Sata. "Run back to our BroodBug Egg and
keep it safe!" Extremely confused, Kaia and Sata left their egg and started
running toward the orange BroodBug egg. Ursa caught up with Edl, jumped onto
his back, and put him into a choke hold. Not being able to breathe did not seem
to bother Edl and he kept pushing the blue BroodBug egg down the field with the
two blue BeastBugs in pursuit.

Edl almost made it the end of the field before the two blue BeastBugs caught up
with him and ripped into the blue BroodBug egg from both sides. Edl abandoned
the blue BroodBug egg and started running toward the orange BroodBug. Iona
dribbled the two orange BeastBugs eggs and then just as the eggs were hatching,
she kicked them towards the two blue BeastBugs. The newly hatched orange
BeastBugs were no match for the older and larger blue BeastBugs and were
quickly torn apart and consumed.

Crossing the field in a flash, Edl took the orange BroodBug egg from Kaia and
Sata, and started rolling it towards the blue BeastBugs. Ursa jumped off of
Edl's back and started pushing against the BroodBug egg to slow Edl down. When
Iona joined Ursa, they rolled onto their backs, braced her legs against the egg
and kicked up as the egg was rolling over them. The egg bounced the field and
Edl flew forward tripping over Ursa and Iona. Ursa started dribbling the orange
BroodBug egg away, while Iona tried to keep Edl pinned to the ground. Edl got
free and caught up to Ursa quickly, but Ursa gave the egg a powerful kick way
over Edl's head and towards Iona.

Iona and Ursa began kicking the orange BroodBug egg to each other while Edl and
the blue BeastBugs ran back and forth between them. The blue BeastBugs appeared
to get tired and rolled up into balls. Edl showed no signs of tiring and kept
running until the orange BroodBug hatched. Edl started pushing one of
the rolled-up BeastBugs towards the orange BroodBug, but then stopped when an
alarm blared to inform everyone that the time limit had been surpassed.

"Congratulations on a resounding victory!" Ben said reaching out to shake Kaia
and Sata's hands.

"We just ran around aimlessly." Sata admitted. "And the three of you just sat
around the whole time, so it really was just Iona and Ursa versus Edl."

Ben seemed unsure of how to respond at first. "Well, it is normal for teams to
rely on their strongest players, but that does not diminish the importance of
teamwork."

Edl slumped against the rolled-up BeastBug and started crying. Everyone gathered
around Edl.

"What a sore loser," Ursa remarked with disgust.

"Edl, what's wrong?" Ben asked.

Edl started blubbering in between sobs. "We lost, Ben, and now they're not
going to forgive us. I don't know what I did wrong, but I just don't want
anyone to be mad at me. Ben, I tried really hard. I really, really tried."

"Ursa, is there any way you might forgive us even though we lost?" Ben asked.

Ursa crossed her arms. "Edl thought he could beat us without any help from
anyone else! And now when he's crying just because he lost."

Ben "Please Ursa, if there is anything we can do, please tell us."

Ursa was not sure of what else to ask for and looked to Iona for help. Iona
whispered in Ursa's ear. Ursa laid out her demands. "On top of the VIP tents
and transfers, Ende Corp has to sponsor the performance group and every member
of your family has to become a performance group PlatinumPatron and attend both
of our upcoming performances!"

Everyone looked at Ben, who was shocked that the requests were so minor. "Yes,
of course, I will start making the arrangements immediately. Kaia, Sata, and
Fera's families should arrive this afternoon and can move into your respective
tents this evening."

Edl looked up at Ursa with hope in his eyes. "You're not mad at me anymore?"

Ursa turned red. "You got off easy this time, but you'd better be on your best
behavior, because next time I will not be so merciful!"

Edl nodded, stood up, could not decide what to say, and ran off the field. Ursa
turned to the other girls and said, "Come on, ladies, let's hit the showers."
Sata's face lit up as she began thinking of lewd jokes to make in the showers.
Kaia was happy to see Sata having a good time. In a surprisingly good mood,
Kaia tried not to think about the weird conversation that she had with Iona
earlier that morning.

As she walked toward the locker room with the other girls, Kaia felt like
things were turning out alright. The prospect of living in the refugee camp
permanently did not seem so bad anymore. Kaia was very grateful to Ursa and
Iona for securing helping their families and also thinking of Fera's family.
Even though she was glad that she and Sata would see their parents, Kaia was
also sad that Fera's parents would never be reunited with their daughter. Kaia
decided that she would try to talk to Fera's parents at the remembrance
ceremony later that evening.

Sata blocked the door to the locker room. "When you take off your jumpsuits,
make sure to do it really slow. I don't want to miss anything."

Iona pushed Sata aside. "Out of the question. Undressing slowly would be a very
inefficient use of time."

Sata crossed her arms and pouted. "You're no fun."

Ursa tried to make Sata feel better. "I'll do a special show just for you
later."

Sata grinned but her smile faded when she saw the locker room.

"What are all these doors?"

"Each door leads to a individual shower stall and locker. This is necessary
because the locker room is unisex."

The look of disappointment of Sata's face was priceless. Kaia tried to console Sata
by patting her shoulder.

"How will we bond and build a sense of camaraderie if we're all in separate
stalls?" Sata asked.

Iona pointed at clock on the wall. "If you shower faster, we will have more
time for bonding."

Sata pouted. "I wanted to snap a towel at someone's bottom."

Iona was not amused. "You can snap a towel at your own bottom. Now stop
wasting time. Pick any door. They're all the same."

Ursa pointed above the nearest door. "The walls don't go up all the way to the
ceiling. If we pick adjacent stalls, we'll still be able to talk to each other."

"It's funny that they use letters instead of numbers for the doors," Kaia
observed.

Iona was happy to explain. "There are digits too. The locker room uses the
hexatrigesimal numbering system. The first ten doors are numbered zero through
nine, and the other 26 are numbered using letters A through Z."

"I'll pick K. Iona, you should pick I."

"What about me?" Sata asked.

"Pick L for Lewd."

Ursa shrugged. "I guess I'll take J then."

Sata crossed her arms and huffed. "I want to be in a stall next to Ursa."

"All of the stalls are exactly the same," Iona said firmly.

Ursa tried to come up with a solution. "Kaia can have K, Sata
can take H like Happy, I'll take I as in Incredible, and Iona can take J
because she loves jokes."

"The letters in numbering system have absolutely no meaning," Iona protested.

Sata smiled mischievously. "I'm going to climb the walls to peek."

"The space between the walls and the ceiling is too narrow. You won't see a
thing, and you might slip and hurt yourself," Iona warned.

Ursa had another great idea. "If I narrate what I'm doing for you, maybe you
won't feel tempted to peek."

Sata seemed to regain hope. "Can you narrate in a sexy voice?"

Ursa smiled. "The sexiest voice I muster."

Sata agreed to the plan and the girls went into their respective stalls.

"I'm in a ceramic cage of sadness. You promised you would narrate, Ursa." Sata
wailed.

Ursa began to narrate every step of the process of undressing but did it in a
flat, monotone, nasal voice that made it sound like her sinuses were horribly
congested.

"That isn't a sexy voice!" Sata protested.

"This is my sexiest voice," Ursa said in an incredibly high pitch, her voice
cracking at end.

"I am entering the shower stall." Kaia said, pinching her nose and try to
undulate her voice as much as possible.

"Focus on the task at hand," Iona said flatly.

"Commencing cleaning cycle," Ursa said in a robotic voice.

Kaia laughed but was afraid the joke might offend Iona. Iona turned on her
shower and began to sing the uptempo portion of Diva Dance from the Fifth
Element. Kaia was impressed by Iona's voice. Ursa started to beat box. It
seemed like Iona and Ursa had practiced this duet. Iona started gargling water
while continuing to sing. When Iona finished her recital, all four girls
started to sing freestyle while gargling water.

"We should turn this locker room into a recording studio. The acoustics are
excellent," Sata said sounding very upbeat.

"We could go on tour and perform in all the best showers in the world," Kaia
suggested.

"It would make the performance group more popular than even," Ursa added.

"I don't mean to alarm you, but someone replaced my clothes with a BugBall
uniform while I was showering. There's a note that says that our clothes were
taken to be cleaned."

"My clothes are gone too. It's creepy that someone came in here without us
knowing," Ursa said.

"They were like ninjas," Sata said.

"Isn't it weird to wear BugBall uniforms when we're not playing?" Kaia asked.

"We don't really have any other option after they took our clothes to be
washed," Iona answered.

Sata, Kaia, Ursa, and Iona emerged from the locker rooms in BugBall uniforms
consisting of violet sneakers, indigo socks, blue leggings, green shorts, and
shirts with yellow, orange, and red stripes. Outside the locker room, an
impeccably dressed man was waiting along with two ButlerBaboons in tuxedos.

"Greetings, I'm Darryśmiś Ohudzki, the manager of Rainbow Sports Club, but
please call me Dar. I was very impressed by the match you played this morning.
Up until today, Edlvardos Pembrok has been undefeated-"

"Give us back our clothes, you pervert!" Ursa yelled.

Dar barely skipped a beat. "My ButlerBaboons are washing and pressing your
clothes, which should be ready in about half an hour. In the meantime, I'd like
to treat you to lunch."

Ursa was not impressed. "There's no such thing as free lunch. What do you
want?"

"I would like to discuss a potential business arrangement that I believe would
be mutually-"

"Tell us what it is now," Ursa demanded.

"I would like you to represent the Rainbow Sports Club."

"OK, you can talk business with Iona while the rest of us eat."

"Excellent, please follow me. There's an excellent lunch place nearby."

Dar led them to a small metal shack covered BuzzBee designs with a large sign
that read "Apis". Inside the shack, there were a few tables, a counter, and an
empty display case.

Dar swept his hand in a half circle in front of him. "This fine establishment
has been the best place to eat in the refugee camp for ages. I heard that it
was first constructed to feed human workers renovating Juvenia Stadium before
construction labor became fully automated."

They sat down at a table near the window. Dar continued to play the host.
"Please feel free to order anything you like. Remember it's my treat. I usually
order borscht and compote to drink, tripe soup or sour rye soup for the first
course, and poultry gizzards in mushroom sauce or the beef tongue in
horseradish sauce for the second course."

Everyone ordered what they wanted using their tabletop consoles except for Iona
and Dar, who immediately started talking business. Dar explained that he wanted
to be able to use recordings and images from their BugBall match for
promotional purposes. Iona said that it would be better making donations to the
performance group instead of paying them directly would minimize tax
obligations for both parties. Dar seemed impressed and suggested that they
include an open clause that would include any future recordings of them playing
BugBall or wearing the Rainbow club BugBall uniforms. Iona said that to build a
lasting relationship Dar should become a performance group PlatinumPatron and
have the Rainbow Sports Club sponsor the performance group in exchange for
advertising and VIP seating for himself during their next two performances. Dar
agreed on the condition that they all pose for a picture together to
commemorate their new partnership.

Iona asked the other girls if they agreed to terms of the contract and
splitting the money evenly between the four of them.

Kaia, Sata, and Ursa nodded because they all had their mouths full. Kaia was
upset when she noticed that she had spilled borscht on herself, but was
relieved to see that the stain blended in with red part of her jersey. A
PictureParrot flew into Apis and perched on an empty chair in front of them.
Dar and Iona posed frozen in the middle of a handshake. Kaia did her signature
kawaii pose, Sata stuck out her tongue and pulled down one lower eyelid
(footnote: akanbe / "mon oeil"), and Ursa opened her mouth and crossed her eyes
to make a lewd face (footnote: ahegao / o-face). Dar brought up copies of the
picture on the table for everyone to see.

"We look mega cute!" Ursa squealed.

"Is it alright with everyone if I add this to the performance group social
media accounts?" Iona asked. Everyone immediately agreed.

Sata pointed at the picture in front of her. "It's funny. I would look kinda
like Ursa if I was a few decimeters taller, had much longer hair and dyed it
bright orange, evolved to my ultimate form, maxed out my level, unlocked all
possible achievements, and permanently had the super star power-up."

Ursa gently punched Sata's arm. "Stop it, you're making me blush. We're all
uniquely cute in our own special way."

Kaia nodded. Sata and Ursa were both had a heavier build than Iona or Kaia.
Sata's reddish brown hair was more tightly coiled than Ursa's bright orange
hair, but seemed to match in color and in texture.

I see what you mean, Sata," Kaia said mirroring Sata's gesture, "I might look a
little like Iona if I was much, much taller, filled out a lot, straightened my
hair more, died it bright violet, cut it short and buzzed the sides, became
really self-confident, unlocked all of my chakras, attained nirvana, and
entered the avatar state."

Kaia got a little self-conscious and began to play with her dead mouse hair
clips. She had not been able to do much with her hair since before the
initiation rite, while Iona's hair seemed to be naturally straight and perfect
at all times. Iona put her hand on Kaia's shoulder. "Kaia, you're perfect just
the way you are."

"Sounds like a few of us need a group hug," Ursa said knocking her chair
backward as she got up. Ursa, Sata, and Iona converged on Kaia and squeezed her
tight. At the center of the group hug, Kaia felt better. It was OK that she was
the runt of the litter. She was glad to have such amazing littermates.

"Maybe you'd like to have a picture without me in it," Dar suggested as he got
up and moved out of view of the PictureParrot. The girls arranged themselves
for the picture. Iona stood behind Kaia, who looked back and saw that she was
barely as tall as Iona's solar plexus. Ursa and Sata each held on to one of
Kaia's arms, bent a leg at the knee pointing their toes to the sides, and
leaned into Kaia. Looking at the latest picture of the table, Kaia was
surprised how happy she looked.

"I think the pictures turn out better without me in the them, but I guess
that's why I'm paying you for promotion and not the other way around."

"Remember, you're paying the performance group, not us."

"Speaking of which, if the performance group ever needs anything, please let me
know."

"For now, the only thing I think we need is to have our clothes back."

"If you like, I could have your clothes sent to your tents. Remember, the more
you wear Rainbow unforms, the more money you earn. To sweeten the deal, I will
throw in a care package with fresh fruits, artisanal chocolates, and Rainbow
club clothing for each of you."

Kaia and Sata's eyes lit up when they heard about fresh fruits.

"What kind of clothing?" Ursa asked suspiciously.

"The care packages will include Rainbow hats, scarves, hair ties and clips,
shirts, hoodies, shorts, socks, leggings, sneakers, and pajamas. As a bonus,
you'll be able to send any of the clothing to be laundered for free whenever
you like."

"What about underwear?" Ursa asked.

Dar seemed a bit nervous for the first time. "I'll include a few sets of
undergarments. If anything doesn't fit you can send it back to exchange it for
another size. Does that sound acceptable?"

Ursa nodded after not being to come up with anything else she could
reasonably request.

"Excellent, I'll leave you to enjoy the rest of your meal. Please feel free to
stay and have dessert." Dar said turning to leave, but then he stopped as he
remembered something. "Oh and steer clear of fans of the opposing BugBall team,
the All Grays. You'll recognize them immediately because they only wear gray."

After Dar left, Kaia said, "Maybe wearing these uniforms wasn't such a good idea."

Iona saw an opportunity. "If you're worried, Kaia, you can learn to defend
yourself by training with Zek."

"Training? Can I train with Zek too?" Sata asked.

Iona shook her head. "It's a special training that's tailored to Kaia. You can
hang out with me or Ursa while Kaia trains."

Kaia crossed her arms. "I won't go unless Sata can go with me."

Iona immediately saw that there was no point in arguing. "We can all go
together, but I just hope you won't be bored, because the training only really
applies to Kaia. I think Zek will be able to explain it better than I can."

The girls went back to BugBall field. Ben and Edl were gone, but Zek was there
typing at a console in one of the seats next to the field. Zek joined the
girls.

"Kaia is ready to start training and was adamant about Sata coming too."

Zek seemed uncertain. "What have to told them so far?"

Iona shook her head. "Not much. Feel free to start from zero, but try to be
succinct."

Turning towards Kaia and Sata, Zek began to explain. "Kaia and I are Echos,
people who can experience stimuli from the past and also manipulate the senses
of people in the present. I'm going to teach Kaia to use her abilities."
Turning to Iona, Zek asked, "How am I doing so far, boss?"

Iona nodded. "So far so good."

Zek seemed relieved. "Great! Kaia, Sata, any questions?"

Kaia shook her head. Sata seemed surprised that Kaia going along with
everything and asked, "Is this a joke?"

Zek smiled. "I think the best way to answer that question is with a
demonstration, but for that I'll need a volunteer. Sata, would you be willing
to volunteer?"

"It's not going to hurt, is it?" Sata asked.

Zek shook his head. "Nothing in the demo is going to hurt anyone. I'm just
going to manipulate your senses. The effects will be disorienting and
startling, but absolutely temporary and not harmful in any way. I think this
will help Kaia figure out her abilities."

Sata nodded. "If it can help Kaia, then sure I'll volunteer."


Zek smiled. "Ok great. Iona and Ursa, can you spot Sata just in case? Kaia,
please stand next to me and observe closely."

When everyone was in position, Zek started to explain. "The human body is
oriented around vertical, sagittal, and transverse axes. Imagine each axis as a
line that that cuts through the body." Zek showed the three axis in turn with
his hand and then pointed towards Sata. "Now watch as I rotate Sata's vertical
and transverse axes around her sagittal axis."

From Kaia's perspective, it looked like a superimposed version of Sata did an
aerial cartwheel towards Iona while the original version of Sata threw up her
arms and fell into Ursa's arms. Sata was breathing hard, holding onto Ursa, and
looking around disoriented.

Zek grinned. "Do you still think it's a joke, Sata?"

"Everything was spinning. How did you do that?" Sata asked.

Zek did not seem to hear the question. "Just relax. During the next part of the
demo, you won't be able to see, but don't worry, the effect is temporary."

Kaia raised her hand in front of Zek. "Wait a second-"

Zek threw his hand forward and a dark net materialized from thin air and
wrapped around Sata's face. Sata let out a scream in surprise.

"I said 'wait'!" Kaia yelled at Zek as she ran towards Sata. Reacting
instinctively, Kaia reached out and pulled the net off of Sata's face. Sata
burst into tears, threw her arms around Kaia, and said, "I couldn't see
anything and the sounds were muffled, as if I was underwater."

Zek seem overjoyed. "Kaia, that was amazing. You saw the veil and were
able to take it off without any-."

Kaia was furious. "What is wrong with you?! Why would you do that to Sata?"

Zek did not seem to be too concerned. "Your abilities could save your life
someday, and save Sata's life too. Imagine being able to incapacitate any
assailant at any-"

Kaia trembled with anger. "That's it. We're done!"

Zek raised his hands. "We can let Sata recover and in the meantime you can
practice on Ursa or Iona."

Dust erupted from the grass and began to swirl around Kaia. "No, I'm done
training!"

Sata tried to calm Kaia down. "Kaia, I'm fine, really."

Kaia shrunk away from the dust swirling around her. "Well, I'm not. I don't
like any of this. All of it is too horrible."

Sata nodded. "She has a point, Zek, these super powers seem kinda evil. Have
you ever heard of a superhero who can blind people and make them feel like
they're spinning out of control?"

"There's nothing evil about using non-lethal methods to neutralize threats.
Most of our opponents will be much faster and stronger than we are and won't
hesitate to kill us immediately."

Iona shook her head. "We're done for today, Zek."

Zek started to object, but Iona cut him off and told him to apologize.

"Kaia, Sata, I'm really sorry. I wasn't planning for you both to be here. My
original plan was to do the demo on Ursa or Iona. They're used to it. I forgot
what it's like to go through it the first time."

Sata was ready to accept Zek's apology, but did not say anything, because she
could see that Kaia was still smoldering. They stood on the field in silence.
Iona broke the silence. "We were planning to go to the amphitheater to
rehearse. Would you like to come see? Iona asked. "Arla will be there."

Kaia did not answer, but Sata had an idea. "I want to swing by the Maker Tent
first. Ben invited us. I'm curious to see what it's like."

Iona seemed hesitant. "To be honest, we don't really get along with Ben and Edl
that well. Is it OK if you meet us at the amphitheater after you visit the
Maker Tent?"

Sata nodded enthusiastically. Iona showed them the how to get to the Maker Tent
and the amphitheater on a console. Sata took Kaia by the hand and waved to
Iona, Ursa, and Zek before walking away. Kaia and Sata turned around when the
heard shouting behind them. Iona and Ursa were both simultaneously giving Zek
an earful. Zek looked like puppy that had just pooed on the carpet. It was hard
to make out exactly what Iona and Ursa were saying, because their voices were
overlapping over the distance.

"I feel bad for Zek," Sata admitted.

"I don't," Kaia huffed.

Iona noticed that Kaia and Sata had stopped and were looking at her and Ursa,
looked embarrassed, gestured to Ursa to stop shouting at Zek, and started waving
at Kaia and Sata with a big smile.

"I miss you already!" Ursa yelled to Kaia and Sata.

Zek started waving at them too, but Iona smacked his hand down and yanked Zek
off the field by his cravat. Ursa gave Zek a kick in the rear and turn to flash
a smile.

"They're really cute," Sata said. Kaia nodded. She was feeling less angry.

Sata tried to talk about what had happened. "It's cool that you have
superpowers."

"I would have picked different powers if I could."

"Sure, being able to fly or turn invisible would be great, but you can make
this work for you."

"How?"

"If you master the spinning thing, you could sell tickets for roller-coaster
rides with a roller-coaster. You could also help insomniacs by making them
temporarily blind."

"I guess it's better than nothing."

"Are you kidding? I'm super jealous."

"You might have superpowers too."

"That'd be great. Then I could be your sidekick."

"It might be better if I were the sidekick. I don't like the pressure of being
a hero."

Kaia and Sata walked and talked for a while, but then froze when they saw a
group of men blocking their path. The men were all dressed in various shades of
gray. "You Rainbow fans?" one of the men asked.

"Can you use your powers on them?" Sata asked. Kaia shook her head.

"Hey, I'm talking to you!" the man said.

"Run!" Sata yelled and pulled Kaia away from the men. They ran until they were
both panting for breath. Looking around to see if any of the men had followed
them, they were stunned to see a group of boys in helmets surrounding them.

"Remember me?" Pyr asked menacingly. Kaia did not know what to do and looked to
Sata for guidance, but Sata was staring blankly off into the distance. The boys
shoved Kaia and Sata to the ground and started kicking them.
Sata was still recovering from having a seizure and was not able to defend
herself. Kaia tried to shield Sata from the onslaught, but a kick to the face
sent Kaia reeling. Sata screamed in pain. Tasting blood in her mouth, Kaia
welcomed the howling wind that lifted her spirit up over the circle of boys.

Rotating through the air in a whirlwind of dust, Kaia looked down to see the
chaotic panorama of the Martian-Thelusian war below. On the ground, Sata was a
fallen comrade dying in Kaia's arms. With a sweeping gesture of her hand, sent
all of the enemies below flying backwards. Filled with demonic rage, Kaia
pinned her foes down with metallic tendrils, took away their hearing and sight,
filled their mouths with dust, and planted seeds of hysterical fear in their
minds, but it was not enough.

Kaia wrapped her tendrils around necks of her assailants and started to
squeeze, but stopped when she saw Sata floating in the air next to her. Sata
was crying and pleading for Kaia to stop. Had Sata been there the whole time
hidden by the dust? Kaia saw herself reflected in Sata's eyes and was suddenly
horrified by what she was doing. Kaia released the tendrils and calmed the wind
to ease herself and Sata back into their bodies.

After returning to her body, Kaia felt pain and rage boiling through her entire
being. She wanted to rise up again and seek vengeance, but she somehow felt
Sata begging her to stay. The girls twisted on the ground until they were
facing each other. Kaia could barely see, but she began to cry when she saw
Sata's swollen, bruised, tear-streaked, and bloodied face. Was Sata
experiencing the same emotions looking at Kaia?

"Am I dying?" Kaia wondered before answering her question, "No, not now, but I
died like this before on Mars." Kaia could not decide if the similarities
between her current life and her past lives were a coincidence or followed a
pattern. The overlap between the past and present appeared to be evidence of a
higher power willing Kaia to connect the dots. As she drifted in and out of
consciousness, Kaia hoped the merciful darkness would envelope her and Sata
quickly to spare them as much suffering as possible.
