## Chapter 5: Finally fitting in

The sun shining though the skylight above, woke Kaia the next morning.

"Did you sleep well, Kaia?"

"Oh, Iona. You're already awake?"

"I'm kind of a light sleeper as well."

Kaia got up and saw that Sata and Ursa were still sleeping.

"Iona, let's go to somewhere else, so we don't wake them."

Iona nodded and walked with Kaia to an adjacent room.

"Iona, thank you for staying with me last night. I also never thanked you for
saving me on the airship."

"There's no need to thank me."

"You knew exactly what to do with that defibrillator. Did you have medical
training?"

"I should be the one thanking you, Kaia. Yesterday, you saved me and gave me
hope that I was worth saving." Tears rolled down Iona's face.

"Iona, I don't understand. The only noteworthy things I did yesterday were to
fail the initiation rite and nosedive into the observation deck floor."

"Kaia, there's something I need to tell you, but you should sit down first."

Kaia sat down on the bed, but felt like she was sitting on pins and needles
while she waited for Iona to speak again.

Iona sat next to Kaia and spoke slowly. "Kaia, I am Thelusian."

Kaia took some time to process the news. In Kaia's visions, the Thelusians were
her enemies during the war and her allies after the war was over.

"But Thelusians are machines and you're a human."

"I look human, and I was human once, but I chose to become a machine, so that I
could help you achieve your destiny."

"My destiny?!"

"Yes, I believe that you are destined to bring about the rebirth of Mars and
Thelus."

Kaia was stunned. "In my visions, I see the war, Thelus crashing into Mars, and
afterwards..." The dust began shift on the floor of the room. Iona took Kaia's
hand and touched her face, trying to maintain Kaia's foothold on reality.

"Kaia, take it easy. Just focus on me and my voice. I will explain everything."
The dust faded away and Kaia returned to the present moment. Iona began to explain.

"Since the collapse of the Martian and Thelusian civilizations, I have been
searching for people who can experience both the past and the
present, sometimes shifting between the two and at other times essentially
living in two realities simultaneously."

"That sounds like me."

"Yes, we call people like you Echos. Your connection to the past manifests
itself as visions and dreams."

"How do I make them stop?"

"The only way to stop the visions is to fulfill your destiny."

"How do I do that?"

"For now, you can live your life as normal, but in secret you should begin
training."

"Are you going to train me?"

"Only another Echo can train you."

"Where are we going to find another nutcase like me?"

"We won't have to look far. Zek will train you."

"Zek? He has visions like mine? He seems normal."

"Zek's visions are not nearly as strong as the ones you experience. Zek will
only be able to take you to a certain point, but you should be able figure
things out on your own after you get started. Do you think you might be able to
begin training today?"

"Do I really need to train? Maybe Zek can handle the whole destiny thing? If
not Zek, then maybe another Echo?"

"If Zek could restore Mars and Thelus, he would have already done so. You are
the only one who can."

"What if I can't do it?"

"Your visions will continue to intensify throughout your life and you will
progressively lose your ability to experience the present."

"That sounds really bad."

"Yes, but don't worry. If you train with Zek, you can learn to control your
visions to a degree."

"OK, I guess I'll do the training."

"That's great. Right now, only Ursa, Zek, Zok, and I know that you're an Echo.
You should keep all of this a secret for now, even from Sata."

"I don't think Sata would believe any of this. I am not sure I do either.
Speaking of Sata, maybe we should check on them?"

Kaia and Iona walked into Edl's room and saw that Ursa and Sata were already
awake. Ursa was sitting on the gym bench doing bicep curls while Sata braided
her hair. When she saw Iona and Kaia, Ursa dropped the weights and ran over to
them with Sata following close behind. After Sata quizzed them about their
whereabouts, Ursa pointed to the console and said, "There's a message
notification for us. We were waiting so we could all watch it together."

A video of Ben began to play on the walls of the room. "Good morning, I trust
that you slept well and are ready for your first day in your new home. My
brother came to me in tears last night and told me about what had happened.
From what I could piece together, Edl said something to greatly offend Ursa. I
can assure you that Edl had no intention to offend anyone. I am deeply sorry
for whatever it was that my brother said. I take full responsibility. I should
have accompanied you last night to make sure there were no misunderstandings.
You see, my brother has difficulties understanding social cues. Interactions
that seem ordinary to us can leave Edl absolutely befuddled. While this cannot
excuse our error or repair the damage it caused, I hope that this explanation
will be the first step towards making amends. My brother and I would like to
apologize to you all, and to Ursa in particular, at your nearest convenience.
You may find us Juvenia Stadium each morning, in the maker workshop tent each
afternoon, or at Fera's remembrance ceremony this evening. Please feel free to
stay in the airship for as long as you like. If you are hungry, please help
yourselves to anything you like in the kitchen at the end of the hallway.
I will be looking forward to our next meeting. Sincerely, Benderrod Divites"

After the video finished playing, Ursa turned to others with her eyes ablaze
and said, "When we get to Juvenia Stadium, I'm going to kick a BugBall straight
at Edl's head."

"Ursa, he didn't mean to offend you," Iona said sharply.

"I know, but it will still make me feel better."

"Let's get breakfast first," Sata said.

The first thing Kaia noticed about the kitchen was a crystal bowl filled with
fruit in the center of the table. The bowl was attached to the table but there
was nothing stopping the fruit from flying everywhere in the event of extreme
turbulence. Kaia walked up to the bowel and picked up a large spiky fruit.

"Is this real?" Kaia asked. She had never encountered fruit with plastic
packaging before.

"Yes, all of the fruit is real."

Perplexed, Kaia asked, "Do rich people just leave real fruit lying around?"

Sata jumped in before any could answer. "Do they also have bowls of assorted
precious stones and metals?"

"How do eat this? Cut it? Bite it?"

"That one is a durian, so you would cut it, but you might want to pick a
different fruit, because durians produce a very strong odor." Ursa said, taking
the spiky fruit from Kaia and putting it back into the bowl.

Kaia picked a long, curved yellow fruit and looked at Ursa.

"That one you peel."

Kaia looked back and forth between Ursa and the fruit. "How do I peel it?"

Iona stepped up and provided a scientific explanation. "You can either pinch it
open from the bottom or open it from the top. The majority of emojis show the
banana open from the top. Here, allow me."

Kaia tried the banana. She had eaten banana chips, which were hard and crunchy,
and banana puree, which was soft and mushy, but never a whole banana. Sata
asked for a bite, then proceeded to eat the rest of the banana. Kaia reached
for another banana.

"Kaia, let's have eggs before we more fruit," Iona said cracking eggs into a
bowl.

Kaia and Sata watched as Iona prepared breakfast and Ursa put plates, spoons,
and silverware on the table. Kaia had never seen eggs that did not come in a
carton. Kaia's first impression of real food was positive, but her heading was
spinning from all the steps required to prepare it.

Iona sprinkled salt and ground pepper into the eggs and mixed gently, before
pouring the eggs onto a hot buttered pan. Then, she put bread into the toaster,
cut open avocados lengthwise, sinking the knife into each avocado pit to remove
it, diced tomatoes, onions, peppers, and cilantro with amazing speed, throwing
the diced vegetables into a bowl before adding salt and lime juice and mixing
vigorously. Finally, Iona sliced the avocado mesocarp lengthwise by running the
edge of a knife in parallel lines along the inside of the exocarp.

As soon as Iona put the avocados, eggs, and toast on separate plates in the
middle of the table next to the bowl of diced vegetables, Ursa started
arranging ingredients on her plate. Ursa put an egg sunny-side down on top of
toast, ruptured the yolk to let it soak into the toast, and topped the egg with
three avocado slices and a spoonful of diced vegetables. Kaia and Sata tried
their best to follow Ursa's lead. The result was divinely delicious.

"Thank you for preparing all this wonderful food, Iona," Kaia said.

"Thank you, Iona," Sata said in between mouthfuls. "Iona, you're not eating?"

"No, I'm fasting," Iona replied while cleaning up and tidying the kitchen.

"Iona, only eats when no one is looking," Ursa said with a smile.

"Should we save you some for later?" Sata asked.

"No need. I can always make more." Iona replied.

Kaia began to wonder if Iona ate at all. Do Thelusians eat?

When they finished eating Kaia and Sata could barely move. "Is it OK if we walk
arm-in-arm to Juvenia Stadium?" Kaia asked shyly. "I don't think I can walk on
my own after eating so much delicious food." Everyone agreed that linking arms
was an excellent idea. The girls walked in a concave shape as Ursa and Iona
gently pulled Sata and Kaia forward.

Before leaving the airship, Iona pulled out four pairs of sunglasses from a
compartment and handed them out. The sun outside the airship was shining
brightly and Kaia was glad the Iona had thought of everything.

"There are lots of people."

"The camp was filled with refugees before our city was destroyed. There is
simply not enough room for everyone. Most of the new residents still live on
airships at an ancient airport to the west of the camp."

"So our parents are probably not here yet."

"Yes, they would need special permission to be transferred to the camp. We can
ask Ben to pull some strings. His family is very influential," Iona answered.

Kaia was a bit disappointed to see that Juvenia Stadium was just a field with a
few rows of seats on one side. In the row closest to the field, Ben and Zek
were both tapping away at consoles located behind the thin barrier separating
the seats from the field. Zok and Edl were running drills on the field, but
when Edl noticed the girls, he dropped his BugBall, ran towards them, stopped
and yelled for his brother. Ben looked up, hopped onto his seat, then jumped
onto the barrier, and leapt out over the field. Two giants carrierCrows caught
Ben in mid-air and then drop him in front of the girls. Edl ran up behind Ben
and they both started to apologize.

Ursa put her hands on her hips. "Stop, I don't want to hear it! The only way
I'll forgive you is if you defeat us in BugBall match, four-on-four, girls
versus boys. But if we win, you'll arrange for each of us to have VIP tents and
have Kaia and Sata's families transferred to the refugee camp."

Kaia whispered in Ursa's ear.

Ursa added another demand. "And a VIP tent and transfers for Fera's family
too!"

Ben agreed. He and Ursa shook hands.

Sata seemed worried. "Wait, we've never played BugBall before. We don't even
know the rules."

"Well, it's about time you learned," Ursa said.

Iona began to explain the game. "The field is set up for two teams, orange and
blue. Each team will start with one BroodBug egg, two BeastBug eggs, and four
BunnyBug eggs."

"Wait, we didn't eat bug eggs for breakfast, did we?"

"No, those were bioreactor-grown unfertilized chicken eggs. Unlike chickens,
BugBall bugs are polymorphic and therefore can vary greatly. Once a BroodBug hatches,
it will produce new bug eggs for our team. When BeastBugs hatch, they
eat whatever bugs and eggs are closest, regardless of what team the-"

"Let's just play and explain along the way." Ursa interrupted Iona's
explanation by yanking Sata and Kaia onto the field. "Come on, we'll be the
orange team!" Ursa stopped in front of the three largest orange bug eggs, each
about a meter in diameter. "Let's start by hatching a BroodBug egg and a
BeastBug egg."

Iona ran up behind the other girls. "We should hatch the two BeastBug eggs
first. The blue team is going to try to rush us." On the opposite side of the
field, Edl was dribbling two blue BeastBug eggs at the same time, while Ben,
Zek, and Zok were sitting on blue BunnyBug eggs and chatting.

"Edl thinks he win by himself!" Ursa yelled, enraged and disgusted.

Iona took command. "Kaia, help me bounce this BeastBug egg. Sata, help Ursa
with the other BeastBug egg."

"Why are we bouncing the eggs?" Sata asked.

Iona was happy to explain. "Dribbling heats up the eggs. With enough time and
heat, the eggs will hatch."

Sata quickly lost interest in the explanation. "Ursa, you might want to zip up
your jumpsuit. The sight of you dribbling is making Kaia overheat."

Iona tried to keep Sata on task. "Sata, stay focused on dribbling."

Sata was indignant. "Me?! Look at Kaia! How can she focus on dribbling when
she's staring down Ursa's shirt?"

Ursa smiled warmly while continuing to dribble. "I don't mind if she looks. You
can look too. You should be proud of the bite marks you left." Sata blushed and
fell silent. Kaia laughed, surprised that Sata got embarrassed by her favorite
kind of joke.

Soon, both eggs had grown large enough that they were almost as tall as Kaia.
Ursa pointed to the opposite side of the field. "The eggs are about to hatch.
We need to start moving the eggs to the other side of the field. If they hatch
here, they will start eating our eggs."

"Edl is charging us with two BeastBug eggs!" Iona yelled.

Ursa knew exactly what to do. "Sata, help Kaia roll the egg. Iona, you'll have
to manage on your own. I'm going to slow him down."

Ursa ran off with a orange BunnyBug egg under each arm and kicked one of the
blue BeastBug eggs away from Edl. When the other blue BeastBug hatched, Ursa
started leading it away, using the two orange BunnyBug eggs as bait. Ursa then
punted the BunnyBug eggs towards the spot where Ben, Zek, and Zok were sitting.
Noticing that a blue BeastBug was heading straight for them, Ben and Zok tried
to lead it away with blue BunnyBug eggs, while Zok began rolling the blue
BroodBug egg away.

Ursa started dribbling the other blue BeastBug egg. Soon, there wre two blue
BeastBugs began chasing after Zok. Ben and Zok threw their BunnyBug eggs at the
BeastBugs to slow them down. While the BeastBugs devoured the four blue
BunnyBugs that Ben and Zok had thrown and the two orange BunnyBug eggs that
Ursa had kicked, Edl took over for Zok and rolled the blue BroodBug egg past
the blue BeastBugs towards the opposing team.

Iona turned around towards Kaia and Sata. "Run back to our BroodBug Egg and
keep it safe!" Extremely confused, Kaia and Sata left their egg and started
running toward the orange BroodBug egg. Ursa caught up with Edl, jumped onto
his back, and put him into a choke hold. Not being able to breathe did not seem
to bother Edl and he kept pushing the blue BroodBug egg down the field with the
two blue BeastBugs in pursuit.

Edl almost made it the end of the field before the two blue BeastBugs caught up
with him and ripped into the blue BroodBug egg from both sides. Edl abandoned
the blue BroodBug egg and started running toward the orange BroodBug. Iona
dribbled the two orange BeastBugs eggs and then just as the eggs were hatching,
she kicked them towards the two blue BeastBugs. The newly hatched orange
BeastBugs were no match for the older and larger blue BeastBugs and were
quickly torn apart and consumed.

Crossing the field in a flash, Edl took the orange BroodBug egg from Kaia and
Sata, and started rolling it towards the blue BeastBugs. Ursa jumped off of
Edl's back and started pushing against the BroodBug egg to slow Edl down. When
Iona joined Ursa, they rolled onto their backs, braced her legs against the egg
and kicked up as the egg was rolling over them. The egg bounced the field and
Edl flew forward tripping over Ursa and Iona. Ursa started dribbling the orange
BroodBug egg away, while Iona tried to keep Edl pinned to the ground. Edl got
free and caught up to Ursa quickly, but Ursa gave the egg a powerful kick way
over Edl's head and towards Iona.

Iona and Ursa began kicking the orange BroodBug egg to each other while Edl and
the blue BeastBugs ran back and forth between them. The blue BeastBugs appeared
to get tired and rolled up into balls. Edl showed no signs of tiring and kept
running until the orange BroodBug hatched. Edl started pushing one of
the rolled-up BeastBugs towards the orange BroodBug, but then stopped when an
alarm blared to inform everyone that the time limit had been surpassed.

"Congratulations on a resounding victory!" Ben said reaching out to shake Kaia
and Sata's hands.

"We just ran around aimlessly." Sata admitted. "And the three of you just sat
around the whole time, so it really was just Iona and Ursa versus Edl."

Ben seemed unsure of how to respond at first. "Well, it is normal for teams to
rely on their strongest players, but that does not diminish the importance of
teamwork."

Edl slumped against the rolled-up BeastBug and started crying. Everyone gathered
around Edl.

"What a sore loser," Ursa remarked with disgust.

"Edl, what's wrong?" Ben asked.

Edl started blubbering in between sobs. "We lost, Ben, and now they're not
going to forgive us. I don't know what I did wrong, but I just don't want
anyone to be mad at me. Ben, I tried really hard. I really, really tried."

"Ursa, is there any way you might forgive us even though we lost?" Ben asked.

Ursa crossed her arms. "Edl thought he could beat us without any help from
anyone else! And now when he's crying just because he lost."

Ben "Please Ursa, if there is anything we can do, please tell us."

Ursa was not sure of what else to ask for and looked to Iona for help. Iona
whispered in Ursa's ear. Ursa laid out her demands. "On top of the VIP tents
and transfers, every member of your family has to become a PlatinumPatron
of the performance group and attend both of our upcoming performances!"

Everyone looked at Ben, who was shocked that the requests were so minor. "Yes,
of course, I will start making the arrangements immediately. Kaia, Sata, and
Fera's families should arrive this afternoon. You can all move into your
respective tents this evening."

Edl looked up at Ursa with hope in his eyes. "You're not mad at me anymore?"

Ursa turned red. "You got off easy this time, but you'd better be on your best
behavior, because next time I will not be so merciful!"

Edl nodded, stood up, could not decide what to say, and ran off the field. Ursa
turned to the other girls and said, "Come on, ladies, let's hit the showers."
Sata's face lit up as she began thinking of lewd jokes to make in the showers.
Kaia was happy to see Sata having a good time. In a surprisingly good mood,
Kaia tried not to think about the weird conversation that she had with Iona
earlier that morning.

As she walked toward the locker room with the other girls, Kaia felt like
things were turning out alright. The prospect of living in the refugee camp
permanently did not seem so bad anymore. Kaia was glad that she and Sata would
see their parents, but also sad that Fera's parents would never be reunited
with their daughter. Kaia decided that she would try to talk to Fera's parents
at the remembrance ceremony later that evening.

