## Chapter 6: Get well soon

As Kaia regained consciousness, she saw a familiar face. Wearing a long white
coat with a stethoscope around her neck, Fera smiled at Kaia. Kaia opened her
mouth to say something, but was only able to produce a pitiful groan. Fera
turned around and walked away. Kaia got up to look around for Fera, but could
not see anything except medical equipment and the curtain surrounding her bed.

When Kaia woke up again, she felt much better. Kaia quickly got bored of
watching the flickering lights of the medical equipment and decided to explore
her surroundings. Despite the bruises that covered her body, Kaia was
pleasantly surprised to find that she could get up without much pain. Kaia
jumped to her feet when she heard Sata calling her name.

"I'm here!" Kaia moved towards the curtain, but stopped when her intravenous
line became taut and yanked on her hand. Rolling her intravenous infusion pump
pole behind her, Sata emerged from behind the curtain. Kaia grabbed the
intravenous line and pulled on it in an attempt to move towards Sata. Sata
closed the distance and the two girls embraced tenderly.

"I'm so glad you're OK," Kaia said. Sata nodded in agreement. "Me too, but
isn't it weird?

"That you're OK?"

"Yeah, I couldn't even lift my head earlier and now I'm walking around with no
problem."

"Maybe we were unconscious for a long time?"

"Let's go check. I saw a console on my way here."

The girls made their way to the console and activated the display. "It's only
been a few hours?!" Sata exclaimed.

"It could be broken," Kaia suggested.

"It's not broken. You've really only been here just a few hours." Kaia and Sata
turned around and saw Pyr's head poking out from behind a nearby curtain.

"What are you doing here?" Sata asked suspiciously.

Pyr stepped out from behind the curtain to show that his arms were encased in
casts. "Someone sneaked up behind me, knocked me down, broke my arms, and then
disappeared."

"Good," Sata said, "You deserve it."

"You're right, I'm sorry for what I did." Pyr said lowering his head. "I know
it was wrong, and I regret it."

Sata crossed her arms. "The only reason you feel bad is because you got your
arms broken."

Pyr shook his head. "I felt bad about it even before my arms were broken. I'm
not trying to come up with excuses for what I did, but ever since I arrived at
the camp I've been on my own. My dad never showed up. I am pretty sure he died
in the explosion. I didn't have any money. My friends and I slept on the grass
last night. Some older kids stole our rations."

Sata quickly lost patience. "If you're trying to make us feel sorry for you,
it's not going to work."

Pyr got to the point. "Wait, there's something else. Someone paid me to beat
you up."

"What?! Who was it?"

Pyr shook his head. "I don't know. There was an anonymous message with
instructions. All of my friends got the same message. I can show it to you if
you want."

Pyr brought the message up on the console. While reading it, Kaia said,
"Whoever sent this knew that we would be wearing Rainbow BugBall uniforms and
running away from All Grays fans."

"Do you think Dar sent this?" Sata asked.

"I'm not sure. The message was sent yesterday, before we even met Dar." Kaia
observed.

"That's so creepy. Yesterday we were at the artificial lake. How could anyone
know where we would be the next day?" Sata said.

Kaia thought about possible answers. "Ben could have guessed that we would be
going from the field to the Maker yurt after BugBall practice, because he
invited us to both places."

Sata scrunched up her face in disbelief. "Why would Ben pay people to beat us
up?"

Kaia shrugged. "I don't know."

Pyr had an idea. "Maybe it has something to do with your superpowers?"

Kaia recoiled in surprise. "What superpowers?"

Pyr raised his hands. "Don't worry, I won't tell anyone."

Sata shook her head. "We don't have superpowers."

Pyr tapped his temple. "I'm not dumb. You obviously have super
healing. Yesterday, you made a bird fly into my head two separate times. Today,
you attacked me with your psychic powers. At first, I couldn't see anything and
felt like I was doing flips in space. Then, when I could see again, I was so
scared that I ran and hid, and-" Pyr suddenly took a step back, his face frozen
in horror. "You did it! You broke my arms!"

Sata got angry. "There's no way. We were unconscious."

Pyr pointed at the girls. "You did it with your minds."

"Doesn't it make more sense that your arms were broken by the person who sent
you the message?" Kaia asked.

Pyr thought about it. "Maybe they were trying to keep me quiet."

"We need to look for clues about who it was," Sata suggested.

"We can't," Pyr said, "They won't let us leave this yurt."

"Why not?" Sata asked.

"They think we were at the center of some kind of experimental weapon strike,"
Pyr explained. "I tried to tell them that it was your superpowers, but they
wouldn't listen to me."

Sata pointed at Pyr. "You said you wouldn't tell anyone."

Pyr smiled triumphantly. "And you said you didn't have superpowers."

Sata clearly exhausted all of patience she had allotted for Pyr. "Come on Kaia,
we're leaving."

As Kaia and Sata were looking for the exit, Ben and Edl rushed up to them.

 Ben looked at Kaia and Sata closely and said, "We came to wish you 'Get Well
 Soon', but it seems we are too late. You arrived here a few hours ago in
 critical condition. I am astounded that you recovered so quickly."

"We're surprised too," Kaia admitted.

Sata immediately took on the role of detective. "When you picked us from the
artificial lake yesterday did you know we would be walking from Juvenia Stadium
to the Maker yurt this afternoon?"

Ben seemed confused by the question. "I suppose I could have foreseen it. Edl
and I had the same point of origin and destination earlier today."

Sata continued her line of questioning. "Who else could have foreseen it
yesterday?"

Ben started to understand the logic behind the questions. "I do not know how
anyone else could have. It seems that you believe that someone planned to
attack you this afternoon and that I am the prime suspect."

"We know someone planned the attack." Sata said pointing at the console they
had used earlier. Ben zipped up to the console on his powerskates and began to
read the message that Pyr had received.

Kaia, Sata, and Edl walked up behind Ben. Sata looked over Ben's shoulder and
asked, "You can access other people's messages?"

Ben was tapping furiously at the console, but managed to reply. "Yes, I pulled
up the most recent message. It appears the recipient, Pyrkartof Naiksos, agreed
to lead the attack against you in exchange for a tidy sum. He received the full
amount after you were attacked. Why would he show you this self-incriminating
evidence?"

"He felt bad," Kaia explained.

"He's scared, because someone broke arms," Sata corrected.

"I assume he is somewhere nearby," Ben said. Edl went behind the curtain that
Sata had indicated and returned holding Pyr by the back of his patient gown.

"Excellent! The EternalEnlightened have already passed judgment. Pyr will
provide financial compensation to the injured parties, have all of the bones in
his body broken without anesthesia, and be sent to prison as soon as he is
cleared for launch. I already transferred all of Pyr's funds to your accounts
as partial payment of the injury compensation. I recommend doling out the
subsequent subsequent punishment immediately," Ben said and nodded to Edl.

Edl grabbed Pyr by the arm, threw him on the floor, and started snapping each
of the fingers sticking our from the cast. Pyr howled in pain, but could not
break free of Edl's grip.

"Stop, don't hurt him!" Kaia yelled. Ben raised his hand and Edl froze in
mid-snap.

Ben bowed his head towards Kaia. "I am sorry, Kaia, based on the protest you
staged with Fera yesterday, I should have guessed that you would not approve of
corporeal punishment. Nevertheless, it would be best for Pyr if his bones were
broken as soon as possible. If we hand Pyr over to the authorities now, they
may wait until Pyr is already in space. Bones do not heal properly in
microgravity. On the other hand, if we break his bones now he may heal
completely before he is sent to prison."

"I don't want his bones broken at all," Kaia said trying to maintain her
composure.

Ben look disappointed. "I am afraid that his bones will be broken sooner or
later."

"Can we ask the EternalEnlightened to pardon him?" Kaia asked.

Ben nodded. "Yes, we can. A partial pardon could be advantageous. Pyr is more
likely to be able to pay the remaining injury compensation he owes you if his
bones remain intact and he is not sent to prison. Would you like the partial
pardon to apply to all of your assailants?"

Sata reluctantly agreed after much prodding from Kaia. After submitting the
pardon request, Ben said, "The EternalEnlightened are asking if you would be
open to discussing the compromise of a few additional broken bones."

Kaia was adamant. "No more broken bones."

The response was immediate. Ben explained the result. "The EternalEnlightened
suspended the prison sentence and reduced the corporeal punishment to the
injuries that Pyr has already sustained." Pyr looked up at Kaia and Sata and
thanked them profusely while clutching his recently broken fingers, then
slipped back behind the curtain he was hiding behind before.

Ben moved on to the next topic. "As for the mysterious origins of the message
that Pyr received, I have no way of proving my innocence. I can only say that I
certainly had nothing to gain from planning the ambush."

"We think the Rainbow club owner might be involved. He's the one who gave us
the BugBall uniforms we were wearing."

Ben rubbed his chin. "Yes, that makes sense. The attack could sway public
opinion away from the All Grays in favor of the Rainbow club. Allow me to
investigate. I will let you know if I discover anything."

Sata objected immediately. "I don't want to stay here and wait. I want to
investigate too."

Ben shook his head. "It will be safer if you stay here. The person who wanted
to hurt you may be planning another attack."

"They could be planning to attack us here," Sata noted.

"There are armed guards at the entrance and patrolling the area around the
yurt. Right now, this is the safest place you could be."

"Not if we die of boredom," Sata said.

Ben was ready with a solution. "If you agree to stay, I will pay for any food
and refreshments you order. You will also be able to control who has permission
to visit you. Please feel free to order anything you like and invite whoever
you like. Does that sound acceptable?"

Kaia shook her head. "I want to go to Fera's remembrance ceremony."

Ben swept his hand to the side. "You will be able to view the ceremony on the
walls of the yurt. It will be even better than attending in person."

After Kaia and Sata agreed, Ben and Edl bid them farewell. As Ben and Edl were
leaving, Sata shouted after them. "You shouldn't have agreed to pay for
everything. I am going to bleed you dry."

Ben turned around, laughed, and said, "You are most welcome to try," before
disappearing around the corner.

"What should we order first?" Sata asked scrolling through the options on the
console.

"Some food?" Kaia suggested.

Sata sorted the menu by price. "OK, the most expensive items are a rotating
sushi bar, a churrascaria with rodízio service, and a deluxe seafood buffet."

"That's so expensive!" Kaia exclaimed after looking at the price.

Sata selected all three items. "The way I see it, Ben gave us a challenge and I
don't want to disappoint him. What should we get to drink?"

Kaia shrugged. "You're probably going to order the most expensive things."

Sata beamed. "You're right. Looks like we can't order any alcohol, so let's
order a barista coffee station and a fruit smoothie stand. For dessert, let's
get a gelato bar and a crêpe chef station."

An image of a twisty straw with googly eyes popped up on the screen and began
to speak. "Hi, I'm Tipsy. It looks like you are planning an event. Would you
like help with that?"

"Uh sure," Sata said.

"Great, I've added some items to your order. Once you've approved your order,
please review the proposed guest list I've put together based on your contacts
and social profiles."

Sata approved all of the additional items without looking, but stopped at the
guest list. "Should we invite Dar?"

"We might be able to figure out if he was behind the attack," Kaia suggested.

Sata nodded. "Is everyone else on the list OK?"

Kaia hesitated before saying, "Is it alright if we don't invite our parents and
their friends? We can just send them a message to say that we are doing well."

"I know what you mean." Sata said and then switched to a gruff, raspy voice as
she launched into an impression of Kaia's father. "Aren't you girls too old for
sleepovers? People are going to get the wrong idea."

Kaia laughed and fired back with an impression of Sata's mother in a sultry,
husky voice. "When I was your age, I had all the boys eating out of the palm of
my hand. I'm starting to worry about you two."

Sata pinched her nose to imitate the nasal voice of Kaia's mother. "Girls, it's
never too soon to start looking for a husband. You can't be sure of your future
until you have a ring around your finger."

"I can't come up with anything for you dad," Kaia admitted. "He's actually
pretty cool."

Sata shook her head. "You only think that because the only times you've seen
him was when he has trying to compensate for never being around. It makes me
mad that he always gets your name wrong."

"I actually think that's pretty funny," Kaia said before launching into an
impression. "Remember, Kira, if you want something in life, don't let anyone
stop you. You gotta grab life by the horns, Kesa, and carpe all those diems."

"OK, it's agreed that we won't invite our parents. That leaves Dar, Ben, Edl,
Iona, Ursa, Zek, Zok, Lan, Arla, and Taz."

"Sounds good to me."

Kaia and Sata recorded a quick message and sent it to their parents, then
decided to go sit in the waiting area near the entrance while they waited for
the food and refreshments to arrive. They were not able to sit for long before
people started to arrive and ask them where to set up all of the things that
they had ordered. When Iona, Ursa, and Zek arrived, there was no more space in
the waiting area and a line of delivery people stretching outside the yurt.

"We're so glad to see you're alright!" Ursa said running up to hug them. "We
tried to come visit you earlier, but the soldiers wouldn't let us inside."

"What is all this?" Iona after hugging Kaia and Sata.

"We wanted to have a little 'Get Well Soon' party for ourselves, but I think we
ordered too much."

"Let me handle this." Iona said as her eyes lit up at the prospect of taking
control. "All the seats need to go outside right now... I don't care what your
job is supposed to be. Move those seats now or zero stars for all of you!"

Before long, Iona had the waiting area organized into a combination of a fancy
fusion restaurant and a street food roadshow. Kaia and Sata chatted with Ursa
and Zek while eating sushi, crepes, crab legs, lobster tails, smoothies, and
gelato.

"It's amazing that all of this is grown in space," Sata remarked.

Kaia was most impressed with the seafood. "Now that I know that fish and
crustaceans are so delicious, I can understand why fishing is illegal. If we
could just pull such tasty food straight out of the water ourselves, I'm sure
they'd all be extinct before long."

Iona returned to gave a status report and then said, "There is a crowd
gathering outside. Should I let them in?"

"We should share this great food with everyone," Kaia said resolutely.

"Hold on, how many people are there?" Sata asked.

"Right now there are few thousand, but the crowd is growing."

"A few thousand?!" Sata exclaimed. "We'll never fit that many people here!"

Iona smiled. "We can reserve this area for your VIP guests, but we connected a
larger yurt to the infirmary yurt to fit all of the things you ordered. I am
sure that there is more than enough food and space in other yurt. Would you
like to take a look?"

Kaia, Sata, Ursa, and Zek followed Iona to the adjacent yurt and felt like they
were stepping into a different world. Aerial silk and trapeze artists performed
above. Robotic elephants, tigers, lions, and bears roamed in between tables
replete with food and drink. BabboonButlers stood ready with plates of Hors
d'oeuvres. A roller coaster snaked along the walls of the yurt.

"Did we really order all of this?"

"Yes, your order included several deluxe circus and carnival packages. I was
able to fit the smallest roller coaster inside, but there was no way that the
larger roller coasters or the Ferris wheels could fit inside.

Kaia was honestly blown away by what Iona had been able to do in such a short
time. "It's OK, Iona, you did a great job."

"Better than great. We could fit the entire refugee camp in here."

Iona nodded. "Yes, wasn't that what you had in mind when you set up the guest
list?"

Sata shook her head. "No, we thought it was just going to be the performance
and maker interest groups."

"You added the ten of us to the VIP list and kept everyone else in the camp on
the regular guest list," Iona explained.

Sata scratched her head and smiled. "I guess we should let them in since
they're all invited."

After Iona left to take care of the grand opening, Kaia, Sata, Ursa, and Zek
went for a ride on the roller-coaster. From the vantage point of the roller
coaster car, they could see the yurt filling with people. After the ride was
over, there was diversity of opinions. Sata and Ursa raved about the adrenaline
rush . Zek admitted that he was never a fan of roller coasters. Kaia thought
she might have like the experience more if she had not tried it for the first
time with a full stomach.

When Ursa and Sata asked to go another ride, Kaia and Zek decided to stay on
the ground. "We were all really worried about you," Zek said shyly, "but it
appears that you bounced back very quickly."

Kaia looked at the bruises on her arms. "I don't really understand it. Is fast
healing an ability that Echos have?"

Zek shook his head. "No, Echos heal at the same speed as everyone else. In
addition to your inexplicably fast recovery, I am also curious why you seem to
be completely cut off from your Echo abilities."

Kaia shrugged. "I don't know. Maybe letting loose during the attack cured me
somehow?"

Zek opened his eyes very wide. "You used your abilities to protect yourself?"

Kaia suppressed a shudder. "Yes, but don't get too excited. It was terrible. I
almost killed all of those boys. I never want to do that again."

Zek lowered his head in defeat. "I understand. I won't try to convince
you. Especially since I have no idea what is going on. It shouldn't be possible
for you to simply decide to no longer be an Echo."

"I would absolutely quit being an Echo if I could," Kaia admitted.

_Zek seems to be taking it pretty well. I thought he was obsessed with training
me to use my Echo powers._ Kaia thought while watching Sata and Ursa ride the
roller coaster.

"Greetings, Kaia and Zek!" Ben said. "Edl and I decided to personally escort
your parents to you, Kaia." Kaia was not to all that happy with the surprise
visit from her parents, but suppressed the urge to run and even managed to
smile.

Kaia's mother rushed up to her daughter. "Kaia, it's so nice to see you
surrounded by handsome boys, but didn't you have anything else to wear?"

Kaia suddenly became very conscious that she was wearing a patient gown in a
carnival setting. In contrast to her daughter, Kaia's mother always looked very
elegant. She was wearing a black skirt and a red sweater over a white button-up
shirt with the sleeves rolled up. Her long, dark hair was up in a tight bun.

"So, which one of these strapping young lads is the lucky man?" asked Kaia's
father. Kaia's father looked very serious in a blue dress shirt and slacks. He
had a bushy, dark moustache and close-cropped hair.

Kaia was embarrassed to see that both of her parents had the top three buttons
of their shirt undone, revealing her mother's ample cleavage and her father's
bountiful salt-and-pepper chest hair. Kaia began to look around for places to
hide, but Zek answered without missing a beat. "I do not believe anyone has
been declared the victor. We are all still vying for your daughter's
affection." Then, bowing deeply, Zek added, "My name is Zekianrov Lazarus."

"I am Vasdefren Argolys, and my wife is Kelaailaiala Erkadia," Kaia's father
rasped. "So what makes you think you are good enough for our daughter? The big
one is an athlete and the small one is an inventor. What do you do?"

"I am a writer," Zek said proudly.

Kela and Vas cringed. Vas thought of a potential redeeming quality. "Are you at
least rich like the other two?"

"Unfortunately, I am not, but I am quite successful as a writer and
performer. I would like to invite you to two of my upcoming performances, so
that you can see for yourselves."

Kela leaned towards Kaia, but did not bother whispering. "Focus on the other
two. There's no point in chasing after a starving artist."

Zek smiled politely, but he absolutely heard what Kela said. Kaia was very
relieved when Sata and Ursa got off the roller coaster and joined them.

Seeing Sata, Kela was very suspicious. "Why are you and Sata wearing matching
outfits? Is this some kind of hideous new fashion?"

Ben looked very nervous. "If you recall, I did explain that Kaia and Sata were
attacked and seriously injured."

Kela crossed her arms. "You also said that they made a miraculous recovery, but
you didn't say anything about taking us to a carnival."

"I am as surprised as you are regarding the carnival," Ben said before looking
at Kaia and Sata.

"You said that we could order whatever we wanted!" Sata protested.

Ben raised his palms up and said, "Yes and I meant it."

"Are you the one bankrolling all of this?" Kela asked, smiling warmly at Ben.

When Ben nodded, Kela's smile disappeared and she said, "So you can afford a
carnival, but do not have enough money to get decent clothes for the girls."

Ben realized he had walked into a trap. "Kaia and Sata, please order a change
of clothes for yourselves."

"With proper shoes and stockings." Kela added. "Young ladies cannot be walking
around in socks."

"Yes, please feel free to order a set of everyday clothes and another set of
formal clothes for the remembrance ceremony this evening." Ben decided to make
an expeditious exit before being forced to agree to any further
requests. "Speaking of the remembrance ceremony, there are urgent matters to
which I must attend. Please enjoy the carnival in my absence."

After Ben and Edl left, Kaia's parents seemed to lose interest in everyone
else.

"Have you had anything to eat since you arrived?" Zek asked.

"No, but surely you aren't going to suggest we eat this dreadful carnival
food," Kela said disapprovingly.

"Kaia, would it be alright if I showed your parents the VIP food options while
you enjoy the carnival with Sata and Ursa?" Zek asked.

Kaia felt very grateful to Zek and nodded meekly. After Zek led Kela and Vas to
the infirmary yurt, Kaia let out a sigh of relief.

Sata immediately launched into an impression of Kela. "Kaia, darling, that
patient gown is positively repulsive."

"You missed the part where they were giving me advice on which of the boys I
should pursue."

"What did they advise?" Ursa asked.

"Rich athletes and inventors are good husband material, but poor writers are
not," Kaia summarized. "I wish my parents wouldn't criticize everything and
everyone."

"Do you think ordering clothes and trying some of this dreadful carnival food
might take your mind of your parents?"

"That sounds nice," Kaia agreed.

After finding a console and ordering clothes, the girls went to a nearby fried
dough stand. Kaia was impressed with the many different forms fried dough could
take: Balls, bow-ties, braids, discs, pillows, pretzels, ribbons, rings, rods,
rosettes, tubes, and twists, among others. Each shape was fried separately and
then mixed together in a paper bowl that soaked up some of the excess oil. The
diversity of available toppings was even more impressive than the assortment of
fried dough shapes. Kaia kept adding cinnamon sugar, whipped cream, chocolate
syrup, and assorted fruits until it was impossible to see any fried dough in
her bowl. Topping it all with a mountain of powdered sugar, Kaia went a little
overboard and sneezed after inhaling sucrose aerosols.

"Your sneeze is so cute. It's like a mouse squeak," Ursa said with a warm
smile.

Kaia stabbed blindly into her bowl with her fork and retrieved a random piece
of fried dough and the toppings that happened to be stuck to it.

"It's so good," Kaia said with her mouth full.

"Slow down there, champ, you got whipped cream on your nose," Sata said
pointing at Kaia's nose.

"Where?" Kaia asked after swallowing and searching her nose in vain.

Sata smeared whipped cream on Kaia's nose and said, "Right here!"

Ursa laughed and asked, "How long were you waiting with whipped cream on your
finger just to do that?"

"Every second was worth it!" Sata proclaimed triumphantly.

Kaia smiled and reached for a napkin, but Sata stopped her.

"Let me help," Sata said before licking the whipped cream off Kaia's nose.

Kaia laughed and exclaimed, "Gross!"

Sata passed Kaia a napkin. "You have to admit that you are feeling better
though, right?"

Kaia took the napkin and wiped her nose. "You're right, I do feel better."

"You two are so perfect together. I'm jealous," Ursa said.

"Why are you jealous, aren't you with Zok?" Sata asked.

"He's more interested in Lan than in me," Ursa explained.

Sata put her hand Ursa's shoulder and asked, "Maybe we can find Iona and have
'girls night out'?"

"Yeah, that sounds good. Let's send Iona a message to meet us over there." Ursa
said before pointing at tower of pulsing lights with a large sign showing "FF"
at the top. "It's easily visible from anywhere in the yurt."

"What does FF stand for?" Sata asked on the way to the tower.

Ursa shrugged. "It's usually Iona who explains these things."

"It's like the numbering in the locker room," Kaia observed. "The numbers start
at zero and then turn into letters when the numbers run out."

"10 numbers and 6 letters, so 16 total." Sata counted.

"There are 2 digits, so it's 16 squared. 16 times 10 is 160 and 16 times 6 is
96. 160 plus 96 is 256," Kaia calculated.

"How do you fit such a big brain in such a tiny, cute head?" Sata marveled.

"This is a test of strength, not brains." Ursa said after reading the
instructions on the console attached to the tower. "This game is called Full
Force. We take the mallet and use it to hit the lever as hard as we can. The
lever sends the puck upwards and if the puck hits the bell at the top, we can
pick a prize."

"There's pink unicorn pegasus cat plush toy!" Sata exclaimed pointing at one of
the available prizes. "And it comes with a rainbow puke scarf that you can
attach to its mouth! I've never wanted anything more in my entire life!"

"Then, I'll get it for you," Ursa said heroically. Lifting the mallet above her
head, Ursa brought it down on the lever with tremendous whack. The puck went up
to CE.

Kaia was really impressed. "Wow, Ursa! You got it most of the way to the top!"

"That was just a warm-up." Ursa took many large steps back and ran towards the
tower with the mallet in hand. Then, instead of striking the lever like she did
before, Ursa ran up the tower, turned around, and pushed off the tower to
launch herself headfirst toward the lever. In the last second, Ursa brought the
mallet down on the lever with such force that the impact overcame her downward
momentum and she flew back up in the air. After striking a cute, confident pose
upside down in midair, Ursa somersaulted expertly to the ground and then bowed
as if finishing a performance. "You can pick your prize, Sata," Ursa proclaimed
triumphantly.

Kaia and Sata were so impressed with the maneuver that they did not notice that
the puck had hit the bell at the top of the tower. Every light on the tower
began to flash rapidly. Horns and sirens went off. The "Full Force" logo began
to dance rapidly on the console screen. Sata squealed with delighted, hop up
and down, and then hugged Ursa to thank her. The one-horned, winged cat was
much larger than anyone had expected. "I'm going to name her Kata," Sata
decided.

"That's like a mix of both your names! I'm overdosing from the cuteness!" Ursa
exclaimed.

Sata squeezed her prize with all her strength. Upon being squeezed, the cat
opened her mouth slightly revealing the rainbow scarf, which was rolled up and
fastened to the floor of the unicorn cat's mouth with 3 buttons. Sata unrolled
the scarf and wrapped around herself and Kaia. "Now you won't be able to wander
off," Sata said while grinning from ear to ear.

Kaia immediately knew what Sata had in mind. "It's a scarf, not a leash."

"Are you disappointed?" Sata shifted the unicorn cat to one side and used her
free hand to bop Kaia on the nose. "I know you are into that kind of thing."

Ursa put her hands on her cheeks. "You two are too sweet! You're going to give
me hyperglycemia!"

Alternating between holding the Kata and swinging the mallet, Kaia and Sata
tried to match Ursa's high score. Sata rolled the rainbow scarf back up into
Kata's mouth, because she and Kaia had both quickly worked up a sweat from
swinging the mallet. Kaia did not feel safe swinging the mallet above her head
and never got a higher score than 1B. Sata swung the mallet with confidence and
fared much better. Her best result was AC.

By the time Iona joined them at the tower, Kaia felt like her arms were about
to fall off.

Iona was carrying four large packages. "I ordered formal clothes for the
remembrance ceremony for us. They might not be appropriate for the 'girls night
out' you mentioned in your message, but you might prefer them over the patient
gowns you are currently wearing."

The girls opened up one of the packages and inspected the long black gown
inside. The gown had a large ribbon tied in a bow around the waist and a lace
collar that transitioned into open heart-shaped neckline
^[décolletage]. Included in the package were heels, a lace veil, a purse,
gloves, and hair clips decorated with ribbon bows.

"You got four sets like this one?! It must have cost a fortune!" Kaia
exclaimed.

"I charged it all to one of the performance club accounts," Iona said, "Our
marketing budget includes expenses for appearances at widely attended
gatherings."

On the way back to infirmary yurt, Iona and Ursa each carried two of the
packages, while while Kaia and Sata took turns carrying Kata. The other three
girls told Iona about what had happened while she was away. In returned, Iona
brought everyone up to speed on the situation outside.

"Things have calmed down now, but it was complete pandemonium out there
earlier. People were carrying off containers of food to hide for later. The
food and drink stands ran out of food a few times. Fights broke out and several
people almost got trampled. I think it's so nice of you to provide free food
for the entire refugee camp, but additional planning would have been
beneficial. I had my hands full making sure no one was seriously injured."

Sata grimaced nervously and muttered under breath, "Damn you, Tipsy!"

"I'm glad I'm not out there," Kaia admitted, "I don't like crowds."

"It's good that there are going to be just a few people where we're going,"
Sata said and grinned, "but a two of those people are your parents."

Kaia frowned. "Maybe we can sneak past them? I don't want them criticizing us
about Kata."

Sata was ready with an impression of Vas. "Aren't you girls too old to be
playing with dolls?"

Ursa gave the two packages she was carrying to Ursa and then went to help Zek
distract Vas and Kela.

...

Sata's dad arrives during the remembrance ceremony and starts to hit on the
girls. He doesn't recognize the girls because they are wearing veils. "He might
not have recognized me even without the veil."

Raf asks Kaia and Sata if they want him to make a real live mimic version of
Kata for them. Raf explains that it will only take him about two months to
gestate and then give birth to a one-horned cat with wings that will look
exactly like Kata. Raf says that unfortunately that the rainbow vomit will not
be possible, because he does not know of any creature that pukes rainbows. Kaia
and Sata are a bit weirded out, but they agree nevertheless. Raf says that he
will talk to Ben about getting the bird, cat, and narwhal dna samples that he
will need.

- order clothes
- call Iona and ask her to join them for carnival games
- Iona meets the other girls meet at the high striker game
- Clothes arrive
- change into formal clothes for remembrance ceremony
- remembrance ceremony
- say farewell to Iona and Ursa

Ben and Edl bring Kaia's parents to her after locating her with a robotic
birds. Kaia's parents are excited that she is surrounded by boys: Edl is
athletic, Ben is smart, and Zek is artistic. Kaia's parents talk about which
boy would be best for Kaia right in front of all of them. Kaia denies being in
a relationship with any of the boys, but Zek jokes "Don't worry, Vasdefren
Argolys and Kelaailaiala Erkadia, I'll take good care of your daughter."
"Please call me Kela." Zek invites Kaia's parents to the two upcoming
performances of performance group. Kaia is very embarrassed by her parents and
is relieved when they leave. Sata and Ursa show up and say that they were
hiding, because Sata knew that seeing their daughter surrounded by boys was
Kaia's parents' secret dream. Kaia is angry that they were watching her in an
embarrassing situation. When asked about whether she wants to find her parents,
Sata says that they are probably partying and trying to pick up young
refugees. Ben worries that no one will attend the ceremony but then says he
will project the ceremony on to the yurt walls, so everyone will see it.

Fera's mother joins the Sinistrae and can finally become independent because of
financial and moral support from Fera?

All the boys who attacked Kaia and Sata show up at the party. Each boy has two
broken arms and a few broken fingers, because their punishment has to match the
punishment that Pyr received.


- he was desperate for money since his father disappeared - someone paid him to
attack Kaia and Sata, but that he has no idea who it was - Pyr tells his story
- he was left shaken by a strange experience after he led the attack against
Kaia and Sata - after he recovered, he felt extremely afraid and ran away - as
he was running, he was attacked from behind
- he woke up in the infirmary yurt without any idea of who attacked him


Ursa and Iona arrive to visit Kaia and Sata at the infirmary.

An investigator asks Sata and Kaia about the bioterrorist attack.
Why did the girls have such different symptoms than the boys? The girls seemed
to be at the center of the blast and had only physical symptoms, while the boys
were all left with post traumatic stress disorder and seemed to be suffering
from purely psychological symptoms.

...


Dar visits Kaia and Sata in the infirmary and says how great the video of them
being chased by All Grays and then attacked by the boys was for the Rainbow
Sports Club brand, because they were wearing the Rainbow uniforms. "It's not a
problem that the boys who attacked you were not wearing all gray. All need to
do is apply a greyscale filter over there clothing and voilà!" He asks the
girls if they might be willing to do it again sometime, but then says the he
understands that they don't want to get beat up again. Kaia and Sata are
suspicious that Dar seems so happy about the video of them getting beat up. Dar
asks them to sign a contract for the rights to the images and videos of the
attack that will require for them to pose for new pictures and videos wearing
Rainbow scarves and hats. Sata tells Dar to that they're not interested. Iona
later brings up the contract and asks if Kaia and Sata want her to negotiate
with Dar for them. Kaia and Sata say that they will think about it.

Later, Pyr shows up in the infirmary to ask for forgiveness and for Kaia and
Sata to sign his casts. Fera was going to break Pyr's legs too, but she felt
bad for the person that would have to carry Pyr around. Kaia and Sata find out
that someone paid Pyr, his Posse, and the soccer hooligans to beat them up.
They immediately think it was Dar who paid their attackers. Iona tells them
about "Qui Bono" and says that Dar stands the most to gain from them being beat
up.

...

In the infirmary Ursa and Iona ask if Kaia wants them to beat up Pyr, but Kaia
says no. Sata says that they could at least give him a black eye, but Kaia says
that it wouldn't help them and that Pyr must be emotionally hurt because he
believes that his father died in the explosion.

Lan and Arla visit Kaia and Sata. They say that they are rehearsing for a dance
performance and a theater play. In their spare time, Lan works in the kitchen
and Arla spends time with Kransal.

Ben and Edl visit them to say that they will be able to watch the remembrance
ceremony on the infirmary yurt walls and that he set up the projector and sound
system himself and the infirmary staff have been given special instructions and
compensation.

Kaia and Sata's parents visit them in the infirmary. Kaia's dad is a gruff man
with a big moustache. Kaia knows that her dad straightens his moustache and
then ruffles it to make it bushy. Sata's parents are good friends with Kaia's
parents.

Her parents ask if they are making new friends. They make a joke about getting
the wrong idea about Sata and Kaia, because they are always together and never
really had any boyfriends. "If you're not careful, people will think you're
lesbians!" Kaia and Sata laugh nervously. Kaia and Sata say that they made
friends in the performance group and maker workshop. Kaia's dad says that
performances don't really benefit society or provide anything of tangible value
and that maker culture is silly, because everything can be manufactured,
printed, or synthesized.

Kaia's dad lectures Kaia on the importance of standing up for herself.
Normally, Kaia would go to her room and listen to music, but Kaia can't leave
the infirmary bed, so she has to sit and listen to it. Kaia's dad says that
bullies are targeting Kaia because she is not projecting strength. "Don't close
your eyes while I'm talking to you!" Kaia's dad says that you have to puff your
chest out and keep your chin up. Kaia's mom says that it's better to carry a
big bag to protect your chest and keep your chin down to protect your neck and
not attract attention.

That evening Kaia and Sata watch the remembrance ceremony on the walls of the
infirmary yurt. That night Kaia cannot sleep and she sees Fera. Not believing
her eyes, Kaia thinks she is dreaming or hallucinating.

Fera says that she broke both of Pyr's arms after finding out what he did to
Kaia and Sata. Kaia thinks that means that she broke both of Pyr's arms and
feel very sorry. She tells Sata that she broke Pyr's arms with her mind. Sata
says that she normally wouldn't believe it, but she is ready to believe
anything after seeing Zek's demo.

"I told you losers that I'm not dead."

"You could be a vengeful spirit that doesn't know its dead."

"I'm not dead!"

Fera says that she went to the remembrance ceremony in disguise and couldn't
help but laugh during Ben's heartfelt speech. "News of my demise have been
greatly exaggerated."

Kaia and Sata realize that Fera may actually be alive, because they remember a
person laughing during the speech. Fera says that she wants to keep the fact
that she's alive a secret until she can be sure that she is not wanted to
blowing up the city. Kaia tells Fera that they will be staying in the refugee
camp permanently, because the city is being rebuilt for new residents. Fera
gets angry, but says she is learning to control her anger. For example, she
says that barely enjoyed breaking Pyr's arms and that she almost felt sorry for
him afterwards. He seem relieved when I told him that his father is alive.

The Principal is alive? How did you survive the explosion?

The chapter ends with Fera beginning to tell them her story.

...

"I saw you on the ground when we were taking off. I tried to get them to go
back for you..."

"Ah, that was your airship? No worries, it worked out in the end."


"Ursa, I felt it. It's all true. All of it. Your dreams will come true too.
Kaia is the one we've been waiting for all this time."

"I haven't been waiting as long as you. My faith is not as strong as yours, Iona."

"It doesn't matter. She favors you. I can see it."

"Can I still be saved? After what I did?"

"Your sins are nothing compared to mine, but it does not matter whether we did
evil or we did good, because it was all necessary to bring us here. It all
happened as it was meant to happen."

"I want to believe that but I can't. I know that what I did was selfish. I hurt
the people closest to me to get what I wanted."

"You have suffered greatly to become part of her plan. We all have. We'll
suffer more before the rejoining can occur and the time of grace can arrive.
Our suffering is needed so we can become worthy of the salvation that she
offers. You were chosen because you were ready to sacrifice anything. You can
achieve everything you always wanted just by playing your role in the plan."


...

"Will our parents be down there?"

"Yes, everyone who was evacuated from the city will be "
called Zakrzówek. It i
...

Kaia sees the refugee camp from the observation deck soon after takeoff. "If we
were so close, why didn't we just parachute into the camp?" Ben explains that
the lake was the only place to crash land and the forest in between the lake
and camp was filled Driads and the city was patrolled by World Heritage robots.

...
There's a rivalry between the maker interest group (MIG) and the theater
interest group (TIG). The performance group makes fun of the makers for not having
any members. Ben says that they had as many as four members, but now they are
down to three and perhaps even two. Arla is upset to hear that Raf is still
unaccounted for. Kaia is devastated to find out that Fera was on the ground and
that her signal disappeared as she was trying to leave the city. She feels
angry at Sata and doesn't . Sata looks
very sorry, but doesn't know what to say to Kaia.

Kaia says she is upset that they have to leave so soon.

Ben explains that airship will not land but it can lift everyone up by a cable.
Zek and Zok start horsing around and the cables get tangled and everyone is
packed together in a mess. Ben flies up first and then helps everyone untangle.
Sata and Kaia are happy to be near each other in the bundle. Sata makes jokes.
Zek gets pressed up against Taz and Arla?


Everyone sits together except Taz, who is on duty.

Lan is upset to leave all of the supplies behind,
especially the food. Officer Kransal arranges for a smaller airship to the
refugee camp where all the other students are to meet. A refugee camp school is
repurposed and expanded to hold all of the new students in addition to the
original refugees that already lived in the camp. Lan decides to work in the
kitchen and uses his connections and swagger to get more food and other
supplies for the camp.

Kaia is ambushed by Pyr and his posse (who were secretly hired by Zek) in the
cafeteria. Edl goes to help Ben instead of Kaia. Ursa and Iona are not around.
Arla is with Kransal. Only Zek is around to save Kaia.

Zek takes Kaia to the hospital. Zek and Sata decide to stay with Kaia all
night.

"Just when I thought I was finally fitting in."

Fera, Raf, and Naksos arrive at the refugee camp. Pyr is reunited with his
father. Raf is reunited with Arla and Lan. Fera tells Kaia and Sata that she
has changed and is deeply sorry for how she behaved earlier.

Fera arm wrestles Iona, Ursa, and Edl, beating all of them.

"Laughing in people's faces after you win is a great way to make friends."

The chapter ends with a celebration in the refugee camp honoring the return of
Fera, Raf, and Naksos.

