## Chapter 10: Nothing interesting happens

Lita arrives to retrieve Kaia. Kaia explains that she cannot leave because the
baby will not let her. Lita has trouble believing it, but she agrees to stay.
Dela, Kransal, and the Principal show up and Dela says that she respects their
decision to leave sinistrae, even though she strongly disagrees. They live
happily for a while despite Kaia's visions and the baby's mind control, but
then Lita getting ill. Zek informs them that Lita is sick and dying. Dela tries
to heal Lita with sinistrae tech, but it doesn't work. Zek cannot heal her
either.

Lita says that she wants to stay with Kaia rather than go back to the silo to
try to save her life there, because it looks like the disease is incurable. Zek
says that he can turn Lita into an ender and then bring her back. Lita is
scanned and they print her. Lita says feels fine but that being brought back
definitely changed her, even though she cannot describe in what way she is
different. Ursa shows Lita how to use her powers. Ursa explains that Lita needs
to channel the energy away from her or she might lose a hand or even arm. After
Ursa discharges much of her energy in a demo of how to use ender powers, Lita
asks Ursa to show it to her again and then immediately kills her. Ursa's head
explodes spraying blood everywhere. Lita's hand is blown off. "Oopsie," Lita
says, "I guess I didn't channel the energy away from me.", looking at the bloody
stump where her used to be. As Zek and Figa spring into battle, Dela, Kransal,
and the Principal defend Lita while Kaia watches in horror. Zek blinds Lita,
but his powers are useless against the sinistrae and as Lita tries to get away
falling down on the ground, Zek is about to kill Lita when Dela knocks him out
and rips apart his snakes. No longer blinded Lita kills Zek by exploding his
head. "I'm getting the hang of this!", she said triumphantly looking at the
bloody stump where her foot used to be. Dela, Naksos, and Kransal rip Figa to
pieces, but she remains alive as a disembodied head. Lita says she just wants
them all to be together, but Kaia doesn't believe her. Lita says she wants to
kill the baby, so they can all be together. Dela and the Principal subdue Lita.
Kaia moves to a forest cabin near the silo the Dela has built for her, so that
Dela can keep her safe. Figa's disembodied head is there too. Figa still says
she wants revenge against Lita and Dela for killing Ursa and Zek. Figa won't
agree to let Dela try to fix her, because she doesn't trust her. Figa gets
energy from the sun to charge his fuel cells. Dela brings groceries and other
supplies, and spends time with Kaia and the baby, even though the baby doesn't
like not being able to control Dela or read her mind.

Kaia believes that Lita's consciousness has been corrupted, perhaps by the
Mummy Queen.

Dela says that the rebuilt Lita destabilized even further and is being kept in
the silo so that she cannot hurt anyone else. Dela asks if Kaia wants to see
Lita. Kaia replies that the person who killed Ursa and Zek is not Lita. Dela
says that she is working on curing Lita, but has not made any progress. Dela
says that she loves Kaia, but she thinks that Kaia doesn't love her, but that
Dela is prepared to wait. Kaia says that she is hurt and confused, but is very
glad that she is not alone. Dela says that maybe when the baby gets older that they
can all live together as a family. Dela leaves.

