## Chapter 11: Take your time

Ryn shows up and ask Kaia to leave with him. He explains how Dela planned
everything and is keeping Lita's consciousness prisoner after rebuilding her in
a diseased body and that the consciousness in Lita's latest body is Dela's.
Kaia doesn't know if she can believe him, but he says that Dela will kill him
and hunt down all mimics if she finds out. Kaia decides to confront Dela. Dela
denies everything, but then Kaia asks to see Lita. Dela takes Kaia to see Lita,
but when Lita cannot recall any of the details of their childhood, Kaia becomes
convinced that Ryn was telling the truth. Kaia says that she doesn't want to
stay with Dela anymore. Dela says Kaia is welcome to leave, but that she is
heart broken that Kaia doesn't want to stay and that Dela cannot protect her if
she leaves. Kaia says that she will stay, but only if Dela admits what she did.
Dela maintains that she did not do the things that Ryn said.

Should Kaia believe Dela or Ryn? Both could be lying. Ryn's explanation seems
crazy enough to be true. Dela says that sinistrae don't have the tech that Ryn
says they do and that only enders do, but that the ender tech is compromised.
She says that she is trying to recreate that functionality using sinistrae
technology. Dela says that she has nothing to hide and that she would bring
back Lita if she could.

When her son starts talking, Kaia is very happy to have Figa because she can
keep her son busy just by talking to him and she can answer all of his
questions. Her son promises to build Figa a new body so he can give her a hug.
Figa is overwhelmed with emotion.

"I found her, Mommy."

"Who did you find, sweetie?"

"Lita."

Kaia studied her son's face. How could he know? He was just a baby.

"I know you love her a lot, Mommy, you dream about her all the time, sometimes
even you are awake." he said, "Don't worry, I am not jealous. I know you
can love me and her at the same time."

Kaia started to tear up.

"Don't cry, Mommy. When I get bigger, I am going to bring her back. And Daddy
and my other Mommy... don't be jealous, but I still dream about my other Mommy.
I wish they were all here again. Even though I can talk to them, I still miss
them."

"You can talk to them?"

"Mommy... you don't to talk to them?"

"Mommy doesn't know how...", Kaia answered.

Her son sat very still.

"Am I the only one who can?"

"I think you are, honey."

"I guess that makes me very special..."

"You are very special to Mommy."

"Do you want me to show you how to talk to them?"

"Yes, please."

Kaia talks to Lita. Lita is surprised to see Kaia and asks who is with her.
Kaia tells her that it's her son. Lita thinks that Kaia went on with her life
instead of trying to save Lita. The experience leaves Kaia heartbroken.

"Who's the lucky guy?"

Lita did not know why Kaia left. Kaia didn't know how to explain.

"Zek is the father, but that I never slept with him."

"Immaculate conception?"

"Zek did some science thing and Ursa became pregnant with our baby."

"It sounds like Ursa is the surrogate mother."

"Ursa is gone, so is Zek."

"What happened to them?"

Kaia didn't know how to explain, so she just went with the truth.
"Someone came back in your body and killed them. I think it was Dela."

"How old is he?", Lita asks gesturing towards Kaia's son.

"Four?! It's been 4 years?"

Kaia was silent.

"Are you even trying to get me out? It looks like you've moved on."

"You have a kid with Zek and with Ursa. I understand that you don't have any
room in your life for me, but do you think you might find some time to get me
out of here? No rush though, take your time."

"It's not like that! I think about you every day! I thought you died! You did die..."

"Look all of this is hard to believe. During the past four years did you even
try to find me. This is the first time you've even ever visited me..."

"No, I didn't even know...", Kaia said, crying.

Lita slowly disolved away.

"No, no, No!", cried Kaia, "What happened? Where did Lita go?"

"She was making Mommy cry..."

Kaia broke down. Everything Ryn said was true. Lita was trapped in the digital
world of the Enders. Like the other Enders, she couldn't come back to the
physical because of the virus that Dela and Ryn created. Kaia knew that she
needed Ben's help, but he was probably not going to want to help her since she
killed him. She asks Ryn to help her get Lita back. Ryn agrees but he says that
he has no idea how to do it. Kaia asks her son to let her talk to Zek. Kaia
asks Zek how to free them. Zek says that he is working on it from the surface
of Mars, but it might take him many years and it might be up to Kaia to rescue
them. He can start to echo into another body but that will take at least a
decade. Zek cautions Kaia that restoring the ability of Enders to enter the
physical world could start a war.

Kaia gets Lita back, but it takes many years, and when they bring Lita back
everyone thinks that Kaia is Lita's mother, because the years have taken a toll
on Kaia and Lita has the freshly printed glow and the new car smell.

When he grows up, Kaia's son tries to sleep with Lita, Figa, and Ursa.

Kaia leaves and Ryn joins her in secret. Kaia asks Ryn if he lied. Ryn says
that he did not lie and he can explain everything that happened. Kaia believes
him because he knows details that he wouldn't have otherwise been able to know.

Ryn and Kaia are living in a cave by the sea (like in Caotica
Ana).

Ben and Ed arrive accusing Ryn of sabotaging the PeoplePrinters. Ryn admits to
it immediately and he says that he already told Kaia. Ben says that most Enders
are now convinced that physical life needs to end, but that might still be able
to convince them to not eradicate physical life if Kaia transcends. Ben says
that they will not hurt Kaia's baby but they will study him. Ben says that they
want revenge on Ryn, because their companies tanked during the shift from
dextrae to sinistrae and that they still want to study Kaia's brain and also
want to study the baby. Kaia doesn't want to hand Ryn over. Ryn starts to
explain that Dela planned everything and convinced him to help in exchange for
favorable conditions for mimics. He says that she threatened to slaughter
mimics like the government if he didn't help her. Ben and Ed say that all of
that doesn't matter they still want revenge against him.

Kaia faces off against Ben and Ed, and kills them both using her dextrae and
sinistrae powers with the help of Ryn. Kaia's visions get stronger as the baby
gets stronger and learns to break through sinistrae defenses. Kaia weeps as she
realizes that she has no way of getting Lita back and that the baby and the
visions will drive her crazy. She knows she will have to go to Mars to stop the
visions. She wonders if she will ever see Lita again. She thinks she might be
going crazy. She decides to go back to Dela. She starts to think that maybe
Dela is telling the truth and that Ryn is lying. Being near the silo helps
control her visions and she needs larger and larger doses of sinistrae to keep
her baby from ravaging her mind. Ryn is afraid that Dela will kill him, so he
doesn't go with Kaia.

When Kaia arrives at the silo, Dela is very happy to see Kaia and says that
she can forgive Ryn if he admits that he lied to keep Kaia all to himself.

Then Dela says that she forgave Ryn and that Ryn is ready to apologize for
lying. Ryn says that he is sorry that he lied and asks if he can still live
with Kaia. Kaia doesn't know who to believe, but she says it doesn't matter.
Ryn lets his membranes grow out and his skin turn dark. Does Kaia eventually
fall for Dela? Does she let Ryn live with her? What happens to the Lita
imposter? Eventually the sinistrae injections are not enough to stop the
visions. Kaia needs to go to Mars and asks Dela for help. Dela immediately
agrees and says that they will conquer Mars together.

