## Characters:

- Kaiakelaaila Arkadia (Echo):

will learn that she was imprinted with the consciousness of a long dead Martian
woman whose world and culture was destroyed and forgotten long ago

- Satalitastra Azimuta (Human):

Keia's best friend from middle school. Epileptic. Can project herself into
electronics during absentee seizures. Later learns to influence and communicate
with people while astral walking. Lives in fear of grand mal seizures during
which she can't control her powers.

- Feravikadela Fridzia (Human):

Young rebel that interrupts the commencement ceremony to protest corporeal
punishment and the oppressive political system. She is beat up by
SecuritySimians and converted from a student to a prisoner.

- Benderrod Pembrok (Scender):

will learn that his consciousness was created in the digital world and that his
body was synthesized by his "parents" to test the ability of people to move
back and forth between the physical and digital worlds

- Edlvardos Pembrok (Scender):

will learn that his older brother Ben created him as a child by subconsciously
controlling a synthesizer and then imprinting Edl's consciousness during their
childhood with the ideals of bravery, etc.

- Zekianrov (Echo):

will divulge that has been imprinted with the consciousness of an Earthling
scientist who was married to a Martian woman, became disillusioned, created the
system of echos, destroyed Mars, and orchestrated the plan to imprint his
consciousness and his wife's consciousness on future generations of Earthlings

- Ursaultamora (Scender):

will divulge that she was a man who transcended and returned as woman to try to
realize her dream of becoming a mother

- Ralzomirz (Mimic):

will divulge that he is pregnant with Fera's child and that he needs regular
contact with her or else he will miscarry

- Lanselots (Mimic):

Ral's best friend, actor, orphan

- Arlanilaresa (Mimic):

Ral's sister, then Taz's lover then wife, Arla is Ursa's trunderstudy (triple
understudy), Kaia convinces Ursa to pretend she is sick, and kidnaps Ursa's
dunderstudy and understudy so that can perform in front of Taz.

- Tazoltvan Kransal (Lunker):

Strike force officer, then Arla's lover, then husband

- Meliedion Naiksos (Cacumen):

School Principal, then Administrative Assistant to Fera

- Dzaa (Mung):

Very strong from growing in extreme gravity. Thinks people on Earth are weak.

- Daka (Mung):

Born with osteogeneza imperfecta. Grew up in low G. Has a hard time on Earth.

## Chapters

- [x] 01: Off to a great start
- [x] 02: A productive first day
- [x] 03: A beautiful view
- [x] 04: Hello darkness
- [x] 05: To err is human
- [ ] 06: Finally fitting in
- [ ] 07: A great way to make friends
- [ ] 08: Never looked better
- [ ] 09: Never looked better
- [ ] 10: Forgive and forget
- [ ] 11: Happiest day ever
- [ ] 12: A touching reunion
- [ ] 13: Honesty is the best policy
- [ ] 14: Home sweet home
- [ ] 15: Nothing interesting happens
- [ ] 16: Welcome back
- [ ] 17: Take your time

- 01: Off to a great start:
  - Synopsis: Kaia and Sata meet Fera and take refuge in the theater where they meet Arla and Ral
  - End: Kaia and Sata go to sleep together in the secret bed
- 02: A productive first day:
  - Fera blows up the school
  - End: Fera, Ral, and Mel appear to die
  - In the final moments, Fera reflects on Ben, Edl, Ral, Arla, Sata, and Kaia, starting to cry when she thought about how they might have been friends if things were different. She thinks about feeling powerless to stop her abusive father and substance dependent mother. As she is knocked off the motorcycle from behind she imagines she is a bird flying off into the horizon.
- 03: A beautiful view:
  - Kaia, Sata, and Arla
    - leave the school
    - meet Lan and Taz
    - evacuate in an airship with Iona, Ursa, Zek, and Zok
  - The airship crashes
  - Everyone parachutes down to the university next to Zakrzówek lake
  - Kaia and Ursa dive off a cliff into Zakrzówek and bond
  - Ursa reveals that she has super powers
  End: Kaia and Sata kiss twice and watch the airship wreckage together
- 04: Hello Darkness
  - Ben and Edl arrive
  - Everyone sits around the camp fire and drinks champagne
  - Kaia is surprised to see Officer Kransal without his balaclava and sunglasses
  - Officer Kransal says to call him Taz
  - The discussion focuses on death and Scenderism
  - Kaia asks about whether Fera could have become a Scender and Ben starts to answer but breaks down crying
  - The airship raises everyone via cable
  - Zek and Lan 
  - In an effort to make Zek
  End: Kaia, Ursa, Sata, and Iona go to sleep together in Edl's bed.
- 04: To err is human
  - Kaia and Iona wake up. Iona tells Kaia about Echos. The girls watch a message send by Ben.
  - On the way to BugBall practice, the girls get obwarzanki from a street vendor
  - Ursa eats one obwarzanek, Kaia and Sata split one, Iona says that she is fasting
  - At BugBall practice, Ben apologizes. Edl runs over and apologizes too.
  - Ursa challenges the boys to a BugBall match. The girls win and Ben agrees to their demands.
  End: Kaia thinks about Fera's family as she goes to the showers with Sata, Iona, and Ursa.
- 05: Finally fitting in
  - The girls meet Ard, the Rainbow Sports Club Manager
  - Zek invites Kaia to train with him. Sata, Iona, and Ursa tags along.
  - Ursa volunteers to be used for target practice by Zek and Kaia (blinding, disorientation, etc.)
  - Sata and Kaia are beaten up by Pyr and his Posse. Kaia uses her powers to save herself and Sata.
  - Zek, Iona, and Ursa take Kaia and Sata to the infirmary
  - Everyone visits Kaia and Sata in the infirmary
  - Kaia watches the remembrance ceremony with Sata in the infirmary
  - A woman in a black veil and ornate dress starts laughing during Ben's speech
  - Fera shows up wearing
    - a black mourning veil
    - an blue and green ornate lolita dress
    - La Calavera Catrina-style face makeup
    - a black lace gloves with bones sown into the top
  - Fera raises a begloved hand, points at Kaia says
    - that Kaia and Sata are responsible for her death and
    - that she is going to haunt them until they die, which won't be very long from now
  - Kaia and Sata recognize that its Fera and think that she is a ghost
  - Fera lets out a blood-curdling laugh as she
    - pulls out knives made of bone from her sleeves
    - advances slowly towards Kaia and Sata
    - says she can't decide which one she will dissect first
  - Kaia and Sata
    - throw pillows at Fera, which she slashes in midair
    - look for a weapon or something that can slash the fabric of the tent
    - run into a corner
  - A bone knife slides through the fabric behind them and another Fera walks through the opening
  End: Sata and Kaia, bruised and wearing hospital gowns, stand back-to-back and prepare to fight the two Feras

Zek asks if Kaia can help him with something. Sata asks if she can go too. Zek
is unsure, but Kaia says that she does not want to leave Sata. They leave Ben
on the bleachers and head to Wolski Forest.

Kaia explains that Zek is going to teach Kaia self-defense. Sata asks if she
can learn too. Zek says that she can try but not to be disappointed if the
techniques do not work for her.

Zek shows them a wicker basket hid in the woods. Inside are sleepSnakes (aka
slumberSerpents). Zek takes out two snakes and does a demonstration. The snakes
are coiled around his forearms and strike whenever Zek punches.

"Is that like how Ben controls animalAutomatons?"

"Ben uses gloves to control animalAutomatons, you will be able to control these
snakes with mind."

Sata says that she doesn't want to hold the snakes and Kaia doesn't want to
either.

Zek says that they can try something else. Zek says that another power that
Kaia has is to blind and disorient opponents. Zek says that he is afraid to do
a demonstration, but that there is no other way to learn. Sata agrees to be a
volunteer. Zek tells Kaia to stand next Sata and to be ready to catch her, then
Zek twists his hand and it appears as if a second Sata twists out of the first,
but Sata's flail their arms in panic before the standing Sata falls into sync
with the twisted Sata. Sata flies flailing into Kaia's arms. Sata says that her
world went sideways. Zek says that Kaia should try to disorient him. Kaia tries
but cannot.

Zek says not to worry and that they can try something else. Zek appears to
conjure a dark veil from nowhere and throw it onto Sata's face. Sata goes blind
and becomes very afraid. Kaia pulls off the veil to restore Sata's sight. Zek
says Kaia should try to blind him now. Kaia tries but cannot.

Kaia is frustrated that she cannot conjure the veil. Zek says that it will come
with time, but that the two girls should rest for now and that they'll try
again tomorrow.

The three head to the BugBall field, but everyone is gone. Zek says that they
should head to the mess tent for lunch and that he will go find Ursa and Iona
and join them as soon as he can.

Outside the mess tent, Pyr and his Posse ambush Kaia and Sata. This time Pyr is
wearing a helmet and looking very suspiciously at any birds in his vicinity.
They use plastic lunch trays to block the view of overhead drones and knock the
girls to the ground. The girls hold on to each other as the boys kick them,
Kaia sees the pain on Sata's face and begins to experience a vision of the war.
Sata is a fallen comrade, dying in Kaia's arms. Lashes out in anger all around
her blinding all of the boys simultaneously. Kaia then sees copies of all of
the boys float up and flip upside down, before crashing down into themselves.
The boys outside the circle come to take away the ones that were blind and
disoriented. Kaia and Sata are left on the ground, bruised and bleeding.

Zek, Ursa, and Iona arrive and take Kaia and Sata to the infirmary.

The chapter ends with Kaia delivering the line referencing the chapter title:
"Just when I thought we were finally fitting in."

"Just when I though we were finally fitting in."

- 06: Never looked better
  - Eagles save Ral, Fera, and Mel
  - The Driads help them
  - Arba asks Fera if she will grant sovereignty to the Driads after Fera overthrows the government
  - Fera agrees to grant sovereignty to the Driads in exchange for their help in the revolution
  - Fera and Ral go into Kosciuszko Cavern and meet Nil and Oil
  - Nil and Oil want to guide them to them to Wessel lake
  - They go out through Twardowski Cave near Zakrzówek
  - They walk by the crashed airship and head to Musza cave and then get on a train to Wieliczka
  - The whole Wessel lake tourist attraction is reserved just for them
  - When Fera and Ral are in the middle of the lake, the water begins to disappear
  - At the bottom of the lake, they see a door. When they approach, the door opens and Ral gets sick
  - Fera nocks an arrow and goes in to look for clues to what made Ral sick
  - Fera finds the AI (Unoa) and meets Eiva
    - Unoa spends her time
      - accumulating wealth under false identities
      - messing with DOS users and recording their reactions
      - writing smutty girls' love science fiction novels
  - Fera and Eiva fight and then go save Ral
  - Before saving Ral they put on
    - skinScabbards with a total of 40 bone knives
    - black lace gloves with bones sown into the tops
      - five metacarpals on the backs of their hands
      - fourteen phalanges on top of their fingers
      - the gloves
        - protect their hands
        - store energy, like the gloves Ursa uses, that is released when they punch someone or something
  - Fera motivates Ral to get in the boat
  - Fera tells Ral that he's never looked better
  - Fera and Eiva climb up the rope as the AI refills the lake
  - Fera is approached by the Mayor of Lunkertown, who
  - Fera agrees to grant sovereignty to the Lunkers in exchange for their help in the revolution
    - asks Fera if she will grant sovereignty to the Lunkers after Fera overthrows the government
    - says the AI told him where to find her (she asks him about this suspiciously)
  - Ral had to by train tickets for Fera and Eiva because tech does not work for them anymore
  - The Lunker train took them to Musza cave in Zakrzówek and they walk to Twardowski Cave
  - This time, when they pass by Zakrzówek, they are approached by Nora, who
    - is a Subak Princess
    - asks if Fera will grant sovereignty to the Subaks after Fera overthrows the government
    - Fera is attracted to, despite the fact Fera does not like fish people
    - says the AI told her where to find her (she asks her about this suspiciously)
  - Fera agrees to grant sovereignty to the Subaks in exchange for their help in the revolution
  - Eiva asks if it is wise to agree to grant sovereignty to everyone
  - Fera answers that she can always change her mind and brutally oppress everyone later
  - They go under the Vistula River via an underground cave system (Twardowski Cave to Kościuszko Cave)
  - They walk from Kościuszko Cave to the refugee camp
  - Fera finds out that everyone thinks she is dead
  - Fera walks around the refugee camp in disguise
  - She uses money she given to her by the AI to buy
    - fancy food and drink
    - matching outfits for her and Eiva so they can look like Catrina's at the remembrance ceremony
    - hears about what Pyr did and breaks his arms, but also
      - Fera barely enjoys breaking Pyr's arms and almost feels sorry for him
      - Is this what growing up feels like?
    - tells Pyr that his father is alive and well, living with Driads
    - attends her own funeral and laughs really loudly when Ben idolizes her
    - visits Kaia and Sata in the hospital

- 07: Forgive and forget
  - "Look at them. Ready to fight for their lives. They're so cute," Eiva said.
  - "You couldn't say one thing without breaking out of character?" Fera asked.
  - "I couldn't help it; they're just too cute. Can we keep them?" Eiva asked.
  - "You mean like pets?" Fera asked.
  - "Yes, we can take them for walks, give them belly rubs and kisses..."
  - "This isn't funny, Fera."
  - "You'd appreciate it more if you could see the looks on your faces."
  - "If only you had seen the look on Pyr's face when I broke his arms!" Fera said laughing.
  - "It was quite humorous when I broke his humerus!" Fera said laughing even harder.
  - "I love it when Fera laughs at her own jokes, especially if she's the only one laughing." Eiva said.
  - "Get back into bed, you losers, before Eiva puts collars on you and takes you home with us."
  - Kaia looked at Sata expecting some kind of lewd joke, but clearly Sata was too tired and achy to joke around
  - "If you know what's good for you, don't tell anyone I'm alive."
  - That night, Zek trains Kaia in her dreams
  - In her dreams, Kaia's snakes become extensions of her arms
  - The next day Pyr arrives and says that he is sorry
  - Sata does not believe him, saying that he is only sorry, because he got his arms broken
  - Pyr says that someone paid him to attack Kaia and Sata, but that he has no idea who it was.
  - Pyr says that the girl who broke his arms said that his Dad is alive
  - Pyr thinks that Fera was sorry for breaking his arms and want to make him feel better by saying his Dad is alive
  - Pyr asks if Kaia and Sata would sign his casts
  - The casts are covered with drawings of penises because Pyr's friends are jerks
  - "Should I draw a penis next to my name like everyone else?"
  - "Oh, you don't have to draw anything. That's just my friends being jerks."
  - Arla, Lan, and Ral come to talk to Kaia and Sata
  - Ral says that Kaia and Sata know that he is mimic, because Fera told them
  - Arla, Lan, and Ral implore Kaia and Sata not to tell anyone
  - Arla and Lan invite them to the dance performance
  - Kaia and Sata go to see the dance performance
  - The performance is sponsored by Reli Corp and there are ads for Detox Sticks everywhere
  - Iona, Sata, Kaia, and Zek take Ursa to the tent she shares with Zek, Zok, and Iona
  - Ursa asks to talk to Kaia alone, Kaia is stunned by Ursa's confession
  - Kaia tells Ursa that she thinks Zok and Lan did not mean to hurt her
  - "Maybe every time they ran off together, they were just rehearsing for the surprise performance?"
  - Kaia tells Ursa that she will talk with Lan and Zok, then leaves Ursa alone in Ursa's tent
  - Ursa asks if Kaia would stay with her, but Kaia says that she is going to talk to Lan and Zok
  - Outside the tent, Kaia says she wants to talk with Sata alone, Iona and Zek stay to watch over Ursa
  - Kaia tells Sata what she learned about Ursa
  - Sata says that it shouldn't matter who Ursa was before because she is their friend now
  - Kaia admits that she feels uncomfortable around Ursa now
  - Kaia and Sata finds Lan and Zok dancing and cooking in the kitchen together
  - Lan and Zok they tell Kaia and Sata to just let them be happy together
  - Kaia and Sata walk back to their family tents and ask their parents if they can have a sleepover
  - Their parents ask if the two girls aren't getting to old to be having sleepovers, but eventually agree
  - Kaia and Sata talk about forgiveness and whether they should forgive that Pyr, Zok, Lan, and Ursa

- 08: Happiest day ever
  - Arla visits them and says not to be mad at Lan and invites them to the play
  - Arla says that she is excited to be Ursa's trunderstudy
  - Kaia gets the idea to ask Ursa to let Arla be the star that night
  - Ursa agrees and tells her understudy and dunderstudy to pretend to be sick
  - To prevent any questions, they tell everyone that all three were kissing each other
  - Arla was not invited to the make out session, because she is with Taz
  - Kaia and Sata go to see the play
  - The play recounts the story of Vira, the Dust Goddess (played by Arla):
    - she is betrayed by her husband (Zek), who takes control of Thelus and starts the war
    - her younger son (Lan) joins the Martian side, but her older son (Zok) joins the Thelusian side
    - the Martians lose the war when the mad husband (Zek) crashes Thelus into Mars
    - the surviving Thelusians begin to kill the few surviving Martians
    - the husband kills the younger son (Lan) by shooting him with an energy weapon
    - before he kills his son, the husband tells the younger son (Lan) that his pregnant Martian wife is dead
    - the older son (Zok) is disemboweled publicly while the Dust Goddess watches in disguise
    - the Dust Goddess is
      - horrified by the sight of her son dying
      - shocked when the son cries out for his father but not his mother
    - the husband captures the Dust Goddess and prepares to make her immortal
    - he says that by combining Martian and Thelusian technology he has achieved immortality
    - he says that everything he did was out of love for his wife and that he will make her
      - immortal
      - incredibly powerful
      - a deity
    - After the procedure is complete, the Dust Goddess's body is completely destroyed
    - The Dust Goddess is reborn in a new heavenly form and says that she will kill the husband
    - The husband says that he does not mind, because he
      - is immortal and
      - he will return in another form to worship her and do her bidding
    - The Dust Goddess then kills the remaining Martians out of mercy and rules over the remaining Thelusians
    - Every two decades the husband returns
      - he asks the Dust Goddess for forgiveness and then she kills him
    - The curtain draws in front of the Dust Goddess
      - on her throne made of metallic tendrils
      - surrounded by Thelusian warriors
  - The play triggers Kaia's connection to the past and she relives the events recounted in the play
  - Again, the performance is sponsored by Reli Corp and there are ads for Detox Sticks everywhere
  - Arla performs in front of Taz and the entire refugee camp. Taz proposes.
  - Kaia is struck by how handsome Taz is (baby-faced with a neat white beard)
  - Arla towers above Taz as he gets on one knee to propose
  - Arla is extremely moved by the proposal and how well the play goes. She thanks Kaia and Ursa.
  - Iona says that the play was really well received and should reassure donors after the surprise performance
  - Fera shows up and challenges Edl to an arm wrestling match
  - The next day, the arm wrestling match draws a large crowd
  - Edl wins the first match easily, but narrowly loses the second, and cannot put up much of a fight in the third
  - Fera announces that her strength is thanks to the Detox Sticks and says that she has plenty of free samples.
  - When someone suggests that the arm wrestling match was a fake, Fera says that she will take on anyone
  - All the protagonists decide not to try the Detox Sticks after Ral says the effect Sinistrae had on him
  - Arla tells Kaia and Sata that
    - She is pregnant
    - Taz was using Detox Sticks, because
      - the government required it
      - they made him feel stronger and more energetic and virile, and he enjoyed sex with Arla even more
    - Arla says she convinced Taz to agree to stop using Detox Sticks for the sake of the baby
  - The government announces that every resident has to undergo Detox Stick screening
  - Ben fakes screening records for all of the protagonists
  - Lan visits Kaia and Sata to say he is worried that the screening program is searching for mimics
  - Government planes do flyovers to dust the refugee camp with Sinistrae
  - The Sinistrae make
    - Kaia, Sata, and Zek stronger, though Kaia and Zek lose their powers
    - Ursa, Iona, and Zok weaker (Ursa cries, Zok breaks both his hands by punching, and Iona starts to glitch)
    - Arla, Ral, and Lan turn black and grow roots and membranes
  - Ben takes Arla, Ral, and Lan to his family's airship
    - because they do not want to risk going to the infirmary
    - to keep them out of sight until they get better
  - Arla asks about her baby, Ben says that the baby is fine
  - Kaia and Sata ask Lan if the scars covering his body are from the Sinistrae
  - Lan tells them about his story
  - Lan says that he is afraid that the government will abduct them like they abducted his two dads
  - Arla and Ral say that the flyovers reminded them of the gas attack that killed their parents
  - Taz visits Arla and tells her not to worry
  - Zok visits Lan and says that he loves him
  - Lan tells Zok that he loves him too and cries because Zok never used the L word before
  - Ben says that
    - they all look normal
    - he developed an inoculation which he calls a Tox Stick
    - the Tox Stick should prevent them from changing in the case of another government flyover
  - When they all get better,
    - Zok and Lan go for a walk together
    - Ben, Edl, and Ral go to the maker workshop
    - Arla goes back to Taz
  - Arla and Taz fall asleep together. Arla is kidnapped in her sleep.
    - Taz interrogates her, but she doesn't admit that she is a mimic.
    - Taz injects her with a Detox Stick and recoils in horror as
      - her skin turns pitch black,
      - she grows membranes, and
      - her feet sprout roots.
  - Lan is abducted from the kitchen, Zok dies protecting him
  - The government surrounds the maker workshop
  - Edl gets Ral out safely after Ben
    - deactivates the government soldiers' weapon
    - distracts the government soldiers with animalAutomatons
  - The protagonists plan to rescue Arla and Lan
  - Fera says she wants to help, but everyone suspects her of helping the government
  - By the time they locate Arla and Lan, a new copy of Zok has been printed
  - Ben says that they are walking into a trap
  - Ben shows a map with with Arla and Lan's location
  - "I found it like that. Highlighted, circled, and surrounded by arrows."
  - The location where Arla and Lan are being held is a secret military base in Wawel Castle
  - Fera and Eiva say that they still want to help even if it is a trap, but Kaia is still not convinced
  - Kaia talks with Taz and he is indifferent about Arla saying she lied to him
  - Taz refuses to help rescue Arla
  - Taz snitches on the protagonists, which forces the protagonists to escape the refugee camp
  - They run to Wolski forest and Fera leads them to the Lunker city

- 09: A touching reunion

Ben, Edl, Zek, Zok, Ursa, Iona, Fera, Eiva, Kaia, Sata, and Ral live in the
Lunker city while planning to rescue Arla and Lan. They see Fera is preparing
an army to fight against the government and believe her when she says that she
had nothing to do with Arla and Lan's kidnapping. They agree to let Fera and
Eiva join them on the rescue mission. Fera recruits Nora, a Subak princess, to
help them gain access to the castle via the Vistula river, the protagonists use
scuba diving equipment to infiltrate Kraków via the Vistula river to avoid the
World Heritage robots. The Subaks escort them in the water but refuse to
continue on to dry land. The protagonists pass the Wawel Dragon and enter the
castle through its cave. Inside the government facility, they move stealthily.
The protagonists are bathed in spotlights and surrounded by heavily armed
soldiers. They surrender and are shocked into submission but when Kaia sees
Sata being shocked and is shocked herself, she has a vision of the Pulverulent
Goddess and destroys all of the soldiers' weapons and powersuits killing them
all. Everyone is impressed with Kaia's power, but Kaia is horrified by what she
did. Ben is scientifically interested in Kaia's power. Eiva says that Kaia's
power would have changed the outcome of the Dextrae-Sinistrae war. As they
search for Lan and Arla, they are attacked by GES. Kaia blinds the GES but they
find their opponents with echolocation and use screams to incapacitate anyone
within range. When they scream, they cannot use echolocation, because they have
to close their sensitive ears. Kaia, Sata, and Ral find a child covered in
blood who looks exactly like Lan. They find Lan's body and see that Lan
recently gave birth to the child who is a mimic warrior. Zok breaks down crying
when he sees Lan. Lan had been starved for a long time, his skin was black, his
membranes was extended to catch the light, and his feet had sprouted roots. Lan
had been partially eaten by the mimic child. The blood covering the child was
Lan's. Ral says that it should be impossible for Lan to produce a mimic warrior
in such a short time and that the child is because of government experiments.
The child looks exactly like a childlike mix of Lan and Zok. They take the
child with them, but Ral tells them not to become attached to the child because
it only lives to kill (despite this Ral has trouble following his own advice
and eventually becomes very attached to the child). Mimic warriors are
genderless and cannot reproduce. The child would never learn to speak or
develop intelligence and therefore they should not give it a name (Does the
nameless child develop intelligence and learn to speak? Does it become a
non-binary character? Anything is possible right? Maybe with tech the mimic
warrior can become intelligent. Does the mimic warrior develop into a
hermaphrodite parasite thanks to the messages sent by distant mimic
civilizations? Does it slaughter everyone in refugee camp? No, the mimic child
becomes a conduit for the nearby nascent mimic civilization. More on this
later).

After Kaia sees that Arla and Lan are dead, she has a vision but the octoculus
saves her again and guides her to a hiding scientist. The scientist takes Kaia
to see the octoculus and explains that it originated from the cosmic message
that also brought the mimics to Earth. Ral holds the scientist captive and
demands to know the reason why mimics were brought to Earth and the purpose of
mimickind. Ral threatens the scientist with a scalpel and then when the
scientist is not intimidated, Ral brings in the mimic warrior. Ral backs down
when the scientist mentions the octoculus. Ral says that he heard about the
octoculus in the fragments of the message that his people had. The scientist
said that they were not able to decode enough of the message to understand much
about the octoculus. Kaia lets the octoculus connect with her and receives
cosmic visions. The octoculus latches onto Kaia's shoulder and wraps its
tentacles around her body. When Kaia and Ral regroup with the other
protagonists, Kaia tells them not to ask questions about the octoculus on her
shoulder.

When they go out through the cave, they see that the Subaks left them a
submarine as planned, but then the submarine is destroyed by an airstrike and
the cave entrance is surrounded by giant robots. A soldier with a gigaphone
tells them surrender or they will be destroyed. The protagonists retreat back
into the cave and try to come up with a plan. Everyone tries to convince Kaia
to use her power, but she does not want to kill anyone else. She is still
shocked by the fact that Arla and Lan are dead. The octoculus gives her calming
visions and chemical support. Ben tries to shock Kaia with his stunStaffs, but
the Iona, Ursa, Zek, and Zok stop him. The protagonists fight (Ben, Edl, Fera
and Eiva vs. Ursa, Iona, Zek, and Zok). Zek blinds Edl, but the Sinistrae are
still able to overpower the Dextrae, because Zek cannot blind them and the
Sinistrae sap the strength of Zok, Ursa, and Iona. Ursa and Zok are not able to
wield energy effectively. The blows they land are absorbed by the bone armor
that Eiva and Fera wear. Zek tries to land a blow with his knives and snakes,
but Eiva and Fera are stronger and faster. While everyone is distracted, Ben
uses one of his stunStaffs on Kaia and studies her response. Edl holds Sata and
Ral back, because Ben told him to do so. Sata cries as Kaia is shocked
repeatedly. The stunStaff explodes, blowing off Ben's hand. Kaia, as the
Pulverulent Goddess, destroys all of the giant robots and the protagonists are
buried inside the cave when the entrance collapses from the explosions caused
by detonating fuel cells of the giant robots.

- 10: Honesty is the best policy

Ben and Edl's parents rescue the protagonists, digging them out of the rubble,
but Ben decides to scend Kaia while keeping everyone else captive. He explains
his motives. Ben wants to convince the other Scenders that physical life is
useless. Ben says that he needs Kaia to be conscious while he scends her and
that it would be best if she cooperated. He explains that Scenders cannot
forget anything ever and that if she experiences pain during the scending she
will remember it forever. He takes Kaia into a chamber where the fuel cells are
very far away, supposedly out of range. Ben operates the console with one hand,
though he says he can grow himself another hand later.

Ben has the scientist explain that the octopus commanded that Arla and Lan be
captured to lure Kaia to the facility. Kaia feels betrayed by the octopus. Ben
asks if Kaia knew that Ursa was initially a man who betrayed his sister to
steal her identity and become a woman. Kaia says that she did know. Previously,
she tried to have a baby on her own but the Scenders always found her, killed
the baby, and scended her so her suffering would be preserved. Ursa would never
remember previous attempts to have a baby, so she would try again. Ben shows
Kaia recordings of different children that Ursa tried to have either on her own
or with different men. The children were always killed, if the men were
present, they would be killed too. Ben shows Kaia a recording of Ursa watching
the recordings of various versions of herself. She cries intensely seeing the
recordings, because she never had access to those previous memories. Whenever
she died a dead-man's switch would activate and create another illegal copy of
Ursa in another secret location that would try again. Ursa tried to live off
the grid, among the Lunkers, Driads, the Niveus, and even the Subaks, but each
time the Scenders caught her eventually.

"Did you think that I was the villain? Ursa killed hundreds while working for
the us as a spy and an assassin. Then Ursa quit and tried over and over to to
start a family, knowing that it would be an affront to Scenderism and that we
would be forced to hunt her down. Her selfishness caused so much suffering. Now
she is ensnared by her own wrongdoing, locked inside a cage of her own sins."

"Ursa will be shown the recordings of her past versions and families being
killed in a constant loop until you agree to scend."

"Can't you study me without killing me?"

Ben laughed. "I'm afraid becoming a Scender is your only hope for survival."

"Your mind is continuously deteriorating, so there's no time to waste. We can
bring you back right after you scend. From your perspective, it will be like
waking up after falling asleep."

"The Scenders want to end physical life on Earth. The eternalEnlightened agree.
They are going to kill everyone on Earth with a virus. Our research can
convince them to not release the virus."

Ben begins to lower the circular saws the will remove the top of Kaia's skull.
Kaia channels the Pulverulent Goddess but she cannot reach any nearby fuel
cells. She resigns to her fate when she see Sata next to her. Sata controls Ben
and has him release her. Sata loses control of Ben and Edl attack Kaia. Ben
thinks that Kaia took control of him. Kaia blinds Ben and Edl, but she cannot
open the doors. Ben refuses to let her out and laughs at her feeble attempt to
escape. In a panic, Kaia slaps Ben in the face. He laughs at how weak her slap
was, but then starts to scream as his skin burns in the place where Kaia
slapped him. She tells him that the burning will continue until he lets her and
everyone else go. Ben says that he can handle the pain but the burn is
disintegrating his skin. He continues to resist until he loses half of his face
and his jaw becomes unhinged. Kaia is horrified by when she has done. Ben then
opens the door and shows her footage of her friends being released. She takes
Ben as a hostage and leaves Edl blind and screaming for her blood, because she
hurt his brother. Kaia has Ben take her to the octoculus and takes it with her,
even though she knows it got Arla and Lan killed. The protagonists go to steal
an airship to escape but the airships are gone. When they run outside to escape
on foot, the doors close behind them and they cannot go back in. Ben and Edl's
parents appear with an army of Scenders. They explain that they do not plan to
let Kaia go. They say they can always print another Ben. They say that he was
right that Kaia was valuable. They do not blame him for betraying them just to
get the burning pain to stop. Ben cries, but he cannot talk because the bottom
right side of his face has been corroded away. Ben's parents try to convince
Kaia that being a Scender is a gift. They say that Ben was the first
algorithmically created consciousness to be placed in a body. Everyone thought
he would be disdainful of physical life, because he was born in the
Scenderverse, but it was quite the opposite. Ben was the greatest advocate for
physical life among the Scenders. Each one of the Scenders in our army is
dedicated to the cause. They believe that Scenderism is the only true path for
humanity. We can still learn things from chemical intelligence, but physical
life in general is wasteful. Keeping so many people alive is holding back human
progress. The only reason why Scenders have not enacted our plan of ending
physical life is because Ben convinced us otherwise. When Ben was a child he
designed a companion for himself. He drew up the schematics himself, not fully
even understanding what he was doing. A algorithmically created mind created
another conscious being from nothing. We still do not understand how he did it
and have not been able to repeat this feat ever since. You are another example
of something we cannot explain. We need you to join us so we can study your
abilities for the good of humanity. Ben explains that the Scenders are
receiving images from orbital satellites, planes, and drones flying overhead to
see themselves in third person like in a video game. Kaia and Zek will not be
able to blind or disorient them, because the Scenders are cut off from their
regular senses. Scenders surround Kaia et al. and start closing in. "They won't
get discouraged. They will never give up. They can attack you on any clear day.
They are infinitely patient. They will eventually wear you down." Kaia and Zek
try to blind and disorient the Scenders it does not work. The protagonists are
overwhelmed by the sheer volume of Scenders. The Scenders have shields and long
spears. The Scenders arrange themselves in a Ancient Roman testudo formation.
The Scenders know that they are immortal and that their painful deaths will not
be recorded, so they throw themselves into battle without holding anything
back. The mimic warrior cuts through the Scenders with ease because it can move
silently, evade their spears, fit under their shields, and then slash and bite
their tendons. The Scenders pile up on the protagonists and are about to take
them captive. Faced with a wall of spears and exhausted from fighting, the
protagonists consider surrendering. The Scenders are moving in. The
protagonists have their backs against a wall. Kaia wants to surrender. Fera
asks why Kaia wants to surrender all the time, here and at the base. Fera stabs
Sata and tells Kaia to do something or Sata will all die. As Sata bleeds out,
Kaia channels the Pulverulent Goddess. At first, it seems like nothing has
happened, but soon the Scenders start falling over one by one because the
Pulverulent Goddess stopped their breathing. From Kaia's view, the Pulverulent
Goddess has replicated herself and is strangling each of the Scenders. The
Pulverulent Goddess also tries to strangle Fera, but cannot harm her. "See,"
Fera said, "all you needed was the right motivation." The Pulverulent Goddess
is furious that there is someone who she cannot kill. The Pulverulent Goddess
lashes out at Fera, but she an invisible shield protects Fera. The Pulverulent
Goddess slams against the invisible barrier until she dissipates. The octoculus
saves Sata by transferring her some of Kaia's blood and covering her wound.
They leave Ben because he has no value as a hostage. Edl comes out of hiding,
picks up Ben, and informs Kaia that he is no longer her friend after what she
did to Ben. They leave the location where they were being held and see that it
was All Saints Chapel in Salwator Cemetery in Wolski Forest. They read the
inscription "Vita non Tollitur". Ral and Fera guide them underground and the
protagonists (Sata, Kaia, Eiva, Fera, Zek, Zok, Ursa, Iona, and Ral) head to
Wessel lake in Wieliczka to hide from the Scenders.

- 11: Home sweet home

Fera and Eiva take Sata into the capsule and infuse her with self-replicating
Sinistrae to help her heal. Kaia is haunted by visions of the Pulverulent
Goddess, but the visions subside when Kaia enters the capsule. No one else can
enter the capsule because they are all Dextrae based. Ral stays away because he
remembers what happened last time. Ursa both start to have terrible abdominal
cramps and begin to cry uncontrollably. Iona starts to glitch. Zok begins to
wield energy wildly and blows off both of his hands. The mimic warrior goes
wild and starts to slash and bite everyone randomly. Zek seems to go insane,
loses control, and disorients/blinds everyone except Kaia, Sata, Eiva, and
Fera. Luckily, the effects quickly disappear as Zek's powers fade away, but
Zek's snakes continue to writhe in pain. Kaia leaves the others because she is
mostly concerned with Sata. Fera is unsure of why Kaia, an Echo like Zek, does
not appear to have any negative reactions to Sinistrae. Kaia stays in the
capsule with Sata. Sata is unconscious and Kaia has the first dreamless sleep in
her life. The others are left in the dark at the bottom of Lake Wessel. After
they recover, they (Zek, Ursa, Ral, and Iona) rush to get Zok to a Lunker
hospital before he bleeds out from his exploded hand stumps. They (Zek, Zok,
Ursa, Ral, and Iona) are captured by Scenders who followed them into the
tunnels. The Scenders detonate explosives to collapse the tunnels in Wieliczka,
burying Kaia, Sata, Fera, and Eiva alive.

- 12: Nothing interesting ever happens

Kaia takes Sinistrae supplements to survive, while they dig themselves out.
They are starving, because Fera hides food for Eiva who is revealed to be
pregnant. They fill the capsule with rubble as they dig their way out. The AI
still has a connection to the internet and hires miners to dig through to the
capsule. Eiva gives birth and Kaia is near death from starvation when the
miners break through. Fera and Eiva start to organize an army to defeat the
Scenders. Kaia and Sata get ready to rescue Zek, Zok, Ursa, Ral, and Iona from
the Scenders. Mel joins them with Driad warriors who have found that Sinistrae
fit perfectly into their culture and lifestyle. The Driad switch from wooden to
bone knives and use bone arrowheads and bone tips for their spears. Pyr joins
Fera because he is grateful that she told him where to find his father and
because he wants to be a Driad warrior like his father. Taz joins Fera's army
with some army buddies who are also addicted to Sinistrae. Kaia is angry at
Taz, but Fera accepts him with open arms. Representatives of various oppressed
people start to visit Fera, e.g. Daka and Dzaa from the Mungs. They hatch a
plan to rescue Zek, Zok, Ursa, Iona, and Ral. When Kaia arrives at All Saints
Chapel to save her friends, she is surprised that there is no resistance. When
she finds her friends, sees that Zek, Zok, Ursa, Iona, and Ral have made a deal
with the Scenders (to create a child with Kaia's powers. Zek and Zok agree
because they see an opportunity to realize their dream of bringing back their
ancient offspring and reclaiming Mars) and are living comfortable. They say
that the Scenders mean her no harm and that Ursa is pregnant and that Scenders
are taking care of them and that they do not want to leave. Kaia bonds with the
child while it is still in the womb. She forgets about Fera and Sata (Eiva
stayed behind with the baby). Sata decides to stay with Kaia. Fera is furious
with all of them but she calls her army back. Ral stays. Even though Ral still
is in love with Fera, he knows she does not love him back and that he cannot go
inside the capsule.

After the baby is born. Iona, Ursa, Zek, and Zok rejoice and begin to show
their religious zeal. Iona says that the Goddess is pleased with the birth of
the baby and has decided to reward Iona with a new body. Iona is printed out as
a Scender and given the name Noia. Iona explains that her new body's first
mission is to help take care of the baby, and then after the baby grows up,
Noia will beg given a new mission to raise her clone Oina as an Echo prophet,
and then Noia and Oina are to work together as missionaries to spread Pulvism
throughout the world, while Iona rebuilds Thelus. Kaia begins to understand
that Iona and the others worship the Dust Goddess (it's very important that she
doesn't figure this out earlier).

Zek looks at Iona with incredibly admiration. "Iona's faith was always the
strongest, even stronger than my own. I have every reason to believe. The
Goddess speaks to me directly. I saw the Goddess enter the body of my wife with
my own eyes. Iona does not need any of that. Iona remained dedicated since the
beginning. She chose to remain a machine to serve the Goddess. Her faith has
been the bedrock upon which we have built everything since the war. Now her
dedication has been rewarded."

Iona asks Noia what it is like to have a real body. Noia says that it
is exquisite. Noia and Iona embrace and cry as they realize that one of their
dreams has been realized, that their faith and struggle have been worthwhile,
and the rebirth of their people is nigh. Noia asks to hold the baby and cries
when she does, saying it is so soft and smells so wonderful. Iona cries seeing
her other self experience things she could never fulls experience. She decides
that the new Thelusian society will celebrate natural life and only convert
people to machines to save them from death and disease.

The Goddess speaks to Zek and Kaia. She says that Iona is indeed the most
faithful and the Goddess's favorite among her followers. The Goddess says that
Iona's faith will be rewarded again. Iona and Noia will receive another body,
this time a baby girl named Oina, that will be soulSwept with all of Iona's
memories. They should raise the girl together to teach her the faith, so that
together they can embody Pulvism in three different forms: Scender, Thelusian,
and Echo. The Goddess also says that Iona will rule over Thelus are her people
are reborn. Iona and Noia rejoice when they hear that the Goddess has favored
them and that

It is really hard to take care of the baby, even with Ursa breastfeeding, Iona
providing support 24 hours a day, Noia helping to care of the divine infant
with all her religious zeal, Sata helping as much as she can, and Kaia giving
her all.

The baby starts to destroy the Sinistrae in Sata and Kaia's systems. Sata
starts to experience seizures again and Kaia's visions return much stronger
than before. Zok helps physically. Zek helps physically and psychically, but
the baby is most psychically interested in Ursa and most psychically interested
in Kaia. Even when the baby is sleeping, it interacts with Kaia's mind. Between
her visions, strange dreams, and the baby's psychic powers, Kaia becomes
severely sleep deprived. The octoculus is able to calm the baby indirectly via
the psychic link between Kaia and the baby. Kaia is careful never to let the
baby touch the octoculus, but she does not know what will happen. Fera visits
them and starts bringing them Sinistrae injections which they have to use more
and more frequently, as the baby becomes stronger. The baby gets angry when
Kaia uses the injections, because the psychic link becomes temporarily severed.
Zek tries to distract the baby and occupy it psychically when Kaia uses the
injections, so she can sleep, but he is not nearly as strong psychically as
Kaia and the baby gets bored of him quickly.

Zek goes on a walk through Salwator Cemetery with Kaia, the baby, and Sata. He
shows them a grave with the inscription. "Feci quod potui, faciant meliora
potentes" "It means 'I have done what I could; let those who can, do better' in
Ancient Latin." "Whose grave is this?" "From what I can gather, this is the
grave of a brilliant futurologist. Someone who studied the future before it
happened. An explorer of the realm of the possible. The inscription is both
humble and hopeful. I think it goes well with 'Vita non Tollitur'. I like to
come here and think sometimes, about life, about the future, about various
possibilities."

"Zek, did you ever consider that maybe we are the bad guys?" "No, why do you
ask?" "Well, you wield poisonous snakes and poisoned daggers. We can blind
people, make them really afraid, and disorient them. I can choke people without
touching them. One time, I slapped Ben and his face corroded away. These don't
really sound like powers that good guys would have." "Well, the Sinistrae make
armor and weapons out the bones of their enemies and fallen comrades. Also,
they are trying to take over the world." "Aren't the Pulvists also trying to
take over the world?" "To be honest, I don't know. The instructions we get from
the Goddess are infrequent and sometimes difficult to interpret or understand.
I think most of the decisions are left up to us. If world domination were the
goal, I think we would be doing things differently. From what I can tell, Fera
is making all the right moves towards global domination."

On another walk they go to the Vistula River and Zek says that Zakrzówek is on the
other side of the river. The Cemetery is in the middle of the refugee camp and
Zakrzówek.

Ral professes his love for Kaia and Sata. He says he can conceive a child for
them that will be carry a mix of their DNA with his. Kaia and Sata accept Ral
as their surrogate mother and stop the Sinistrae injections so Ral can get
pregnant. Fera is a bit jealous that Ral has shifted his affection to Sata and
Kaia, but hides it and says that if they do not want the Sinistrae injections
that she will stop bringing them, but she hopes that she can still visit. Sata
and Kaia says that of course Fera can visit and that she can also bring Eiva
and her baby when she visits. Life becomes very hard for Sata and Kaia without
the Sinistrae injections, as the baby grows stronger, their conditions become
worse. When the baby is born, Sata starts having so many absentee seizures that
she is immobilized. Kaia lives in two worlds simultaneously: on Earth with the
baby and on Mars with the Dust Goddess, who is overjoyed with the birth of her
offspring. Ral gives birth to his child with Sata and Kaia, a girl who looks
like all three of them. Kaia asks, "Would our child be normal or will..." Her
voice trailed off and an uncomfortable silence hung in the air. "I cannot say
for certain, but there is almost no chance of any specific malady being pasted
down. The child would have a even mix of all our DNA, but we cannot possibly
know a priori which regions are chosen, the arrangement of those regions, and
which regions will be silenced versus expressed. The only thing I can say for
certain is the child would be absolutely unique, like all children are." Sata
and Kaia seem reassured by this and agree. They name the girl Resa after Ral's
maternal grandmother. They live happily as they settle into the new normal with
two babies to take care. The baby girl is an angel and does not need to be fed
milk because she can photosynthesize. The boy constantly demands attention and
can keep Kaia awake even when he is asleep because of the dreams he has. The
baby girl grows up along side the baby boy until he kills her with his nascent
powers. The baby boy got jealous of Kaia's motherly love being split between
the two babies. Sata is distraught and her condition worsens. Kaia grieves by
focusing on her baby son. Ral is devastated after first losing his sister and
now his child. He isolates himself and throws himself into his work. The mimic
child begins to speak to him. Ral thinks he is going insane but the warrior
explains that it is a conduit for a newly-formed, nearby mimic civilization
that self-constructed using instructions from a distant mimic civilization. The
conduit explains that mimics are conquerors and tells Ral to sow seeds of
destruction to prepare Earth for invasion. Ral is happy to have a purpose and
the conduit promises that Ral will get the full decode interstellar message and
explanations on how to apply the knowledge of his people. Ral begins working on
a means allow the new mimics to hijack the Dextrae peoplePrinters (don't tell
readers this now, save it for later). Fera takes Sata back to the capsule for
recovery, because the baby can destroy Sinistrae very quickly and Sata needs a
constant supply of fresh intravenous Sinistrae to function normally. When Sata
returns she seems much better but soon she gets very sick. Sata has the very
first Gran Mal seizure that is shown in the book. Fera tries to administer
Sinistrae medicine but it does not help. The octoculus tries to heal Sata but
cannot. Zek, Zok, and Ral say that they cannot cure Sata but they can help Sata
scend before she dies. Having exhausted all other options, Sata and Kaia talk
about death and scending. Sata says that maybe she should die naturally rather
than become a Scender. Kaia says that she cannot live without her and begs
her to scend. Sata agrees and tells Kaia not to worry. Kaia watches as Sata's
beautiful, bushy, unkept hair falls to ground as her head is shaved and then
inserted into a container up to the eyebrows. The container vacuum seals and
fills with liquid. Circular saws emerge and cut around Sata's skull. An arm
with a suction cup lifts up the top of Sata's head exposing her brain. Sata
says that she doesn't feel any pain and that the liquid feels nice. Lights
flash from all directions. Several appendages with needle-like protrusions
emerge and enter Sata's brain. Sata appears to go into REM sleep. Zek (or
someone else?) tells Kaia that everything is normal. Zek (or someone else?)
tells Kaia that Sata has scended successfully. Kaia lets go of Sata's hand and
covers her mouth to muffle her cries. After the process is done, a hole opens
in the floor and the reclining chair tilts so that Sata's body fall into the
hole. Kaia cries and tries to catch the body misses and tries to dive into the
hole, but it closes before she can dive in. Zek (or someone else?) tries to
explain that the body is useless and that they will print a new one right away.
Kaia is upset and angry, but Zek (or someone else?) says that if they kept the
body of everyone who scended, they would be buried in dead bodies.

- 13 Welcome back

When Sata returns in a newly printed body everything again seems fine, but
during a training session with Zok, Noia, and Ursa, Sata kills Zok and Ursa by
detonating her hands after asking them show her a technique again. As Noia
stands shocked and covered in blood, Sata kicks her and detonates her foot,
splitting Noia in two. "Not bad for my first time! You want a piece of this,
Zek. I got a foot with your name on it." Zek rushes to keep Sata from bleeding
out, using his snakes and his bare hands as tourniquets. Iona cradles Noia as
she whispers her final words into Iona's ear. Zek takes Sata to the Medical
Facility and starts an blood transfusion. They move Sata into the surgery
theater for questioning. Kaia watches from above with Iona, Ral, and the
Sinistrae. Before they can get any answers, armed people burst in and shoot Zek
and Sata. Kaia recognizes them as Sata, Ursa, Noia, and Zok. The Scenders look
up at Kaia and start moving up to where she is standing. Everyone begins to
barricade the door. Fera begs Kaia to use her powers to destroy the energy
weapons. Fera says that the people attacking them only look like their friends.
Fera says that she is sorry about the things she did earlier, and that if Kaia
saves them now, Fera will help Kaia find Sata, the real Sata. The door explodes
and the Sinistrae start to throw bone knives into the opening. Kaia channels
the Dust Goddess and the weapons explode killing the attackers. They rush to
the peoplePrinters and see that they are printing new copies of Sata, Ursa,
Noia, and Zok. Fera deactivates the peoplePrinters and Ral starts trying to
figure out what happened. Fera says that Kaia is not safe here and that she
needs to move to Wieliczka. Iona agrees reluctantly, because her priority is to
protect Kaia. They leave Ral to work on the computers at Echo Corp, because he
is expendable. The Sinistrae warriors (Fera, Mel, Taz, and Pyr) help Iona pack
everything up and they move towards Kosciuszko Mound and the entrance to the
Lunker city. Kaia, Iona, Ral, and the mimic child live in a cottage near
Wieliczka. Fera takes control of the All Saints Chapel after Kaia decides not
to stay there after Zek, Ursa, Noia, and Zok are killed. Fera, Eiva, and their
daughter come to visit. Fera commanded the construction of a palace made of
bone (supposedly made of the bones of her vanquished foes) as an extension of
Wawel castle and a train that connects Wawel Castle to Wieliczka. Kaia, Ral,
Iona, the mimic child, and the baby acclimatize to life in Wawel Castle. The
reason Fera is able to live in the castle is because she has assumed control of
the government as the world's top social media and most affluent corporate
executive. Fera has Kaia pose for videos with her baby. Fera's fans love that
she appears to have two wives, each with a baby, and no need for a husband.
Fera asks Kaia to sit next Fera while Fera accepts ambassadors and dignitaries.
Eiva sits on the other side of Fera. Both Eiva and Kaia are holding their
babies. The Mungs refer to Fera as Omai, The Goddess of Fertility, Women,
Mothers, and Children, because she has two wives, two children, and no husband.
The Dextrae are afraid of Kaia's powers. The Space Captain arrives to ask Fera
to free the prisoners. Dzaa and Daka ask for sovereignty for the Mungs. Nora
asks for sovereignty for the Subaks and a treaty that promises to protect the
oceans. Arba comes to ask for sovereignty for the Driads and protection for the
forests. Fera grants sovereignty to the Driads, the Lunkers, the Mungs, the
Subaks, and the Free Citizens of Space (formerly Space Prisoners), even though
her advisors tell her that freeing the prisoners is a bad idea and giving them
sovereignty is even worse because they are at the top of a large gravity well
and might develop the capacity to attack Earth. Fera not only gives them
sovereignty, but also seats in a new branch of government. In this new branch
of government, Arba represents the Driads, Daka represents the Mungs, The Space
Captain represents the Free Citizens of Space, Ben represents Scenders, Kaia
represents Echos, the Subaks are represented by Norafinaakwa, Iona represents
Thelusians, Ral (who is followed everywhere by the mimic child) represents
mimics, and Fera represents Sinistrae (no one represents Dextrae, but Fera has
Dextrae army generals report to her and advise her. She fears that they are
planning a coup and might start another Dextrae-Sinistrae War). Fera names
herself the Bonebreaker Empress (Imperatix Ossifraga), creates a fifth branch
of government called the imperialInstitute (Fera doesn't care what it's
called), as well as veto power over the other four branches of government. She
installs a puppet on the fourth branch of government (autochthonAssembly), a
Zeppelinomad, who is the last of his kind. This way, in addition to her own
vote and veto power, Fera has sway over most of the other voting members of the
autochthonAssembly: Kaia, the Zeppelinomad, Ben (who is still in love with
Fera), Iona, Arba, and perhaps others. Fera uses her new found wealth to buy
condos (and other types of housing) and provides interest free loans to her
followers so they can rent the condos from her. This gains Fera even more
followers. The World Heritage robots were recalled on Fera's orders. The people
in the refugee camp, Driads, and Lunkers are allowed to settle in Kraków for
free as long as they swear fealty to Fera. Fera begins to amass an army in
Kraków and plans an invasion of Mars, hoping that Kaia's powers will allow
her to secure victory. What if she never sees Sata again? Kaia filled with
doubts about being to rescue Sata: rescue her from where? What if the visions
consume her?

Her son scares her when he says the he has three mommies, one on Earth (Kaia),
one on Mars (the Dust Goddess), and one in the Scenderverse (Ursa). That he has
two daddies, one in the Scenderverse (Zok) and the other one on Mars (Zek). He
feels very lucky to have so many parents. Her son explains that the dreams are
coming from Mars, and that they are not bad dreams, but rather reminders that
they need to go to Mars. If they do not go to Mars, then the mommy on Mars will
be very mad and the reminders will become more and more powerful. Kaia thinks
that the dreams are different for her son. He welcomes the dreams. Kaia is
being destroyed by them. If she does not get to Mars, she will go mad. She had
no idea how to get Sata back or make it Mars, so she just has to survive until
Fera makes good on her promise to reclaim Mars.

Kaia has a vision of Sata and is able to communicate with her thanks to her
son. Sata's final memories were of their daughter dying and going back to
Wieliczka. She does not remember being sick and dying. Kaia resolves to bring
back Sata no matter the cost. Ral promises to help Kaia, because he is in love
with both Sata and Kaia, and no longer loves Fera. Iona promises to help Kaia
bring back Sata if they also bring back Zek, Zok, Iona, and Ursa. Kaia agrees.
The Dust Goddess appears to Kaia and says that she will help Kaia bring back
Sata, but Kaia must be prepared to pay the price. Kaia asks what the price is,
but she realizes that she will pay any price. The Dust Goddess says that Kaia
must stop resisting, embrace the Dust Goddess, and do her bidding forever. Kaia
asks if the Dust Goddess will hurt Sata. The Dust Goddess says that Kaia and
Sata are beloved by the Goddess and that the Goddess wants to see Kaia and Sata
together for eternity. Kaia says that she is not sure how everything could have
gone so terribly wrong. The Dust Goddess says that she is not sure what Kaia
means because from the Goddess's perspective everything is going exactly as
planned. Kaia asks how she be certain that Goddess is not trying to trick her.
The Goddess says that Kaia does not have a choice. With Kaia's deteriorating
mental state, she felt trapped and helpless. When Kaia cried, so did the souls
off her Martian brethren. Kaia wept and the souls wept. When Kaia was done
crying, she looked at her son, who was overjoyed. He could not contain his
happiness. "Earth Mommy will feel better once she stops fighting with Mars
Mommy. Mars Mommy just wants to help. Mars Mommy will show Earth Mommy how to
find her friend. Earth Mommy will be so happy." Kaia took a deep breath, closed
her eyes, and let the dust consume her.

## Fera's deception.

Fera replaced the consciousnesses of Zok, Noia, Ursa, and Sata with warped
versions of her own consciousness (How did Fera do this? The AI helped her to
obtain Scender consciousnesses and conditioned them to attack non-Sinistrae.
Secretly, the Dust Goddess aka Dea Pulverulenta helping Fera because the new
Scenders are her disciples.). She is keeping the original versions of their
consciousnesses hidden, so she can use them as leverage on Kaia in the future
if necessary. Whenever Kaia channels the Pulverulent Goddess, their connection
becomes stronger and her visions become more intense. Ral calls mimic sharks
and Kaia watches the sharks eat the Scenders. "There were sharks in Zakrzówek? I
went swimming there!" "The sharks are new. I had them brought in as a defensive
measure. I thought that if we were in trouble again we could jump in the water
and the sharks would protect us." The prospect of repeatedly fighting the
Scenders and the intensification of the visions force Kaia back to Fera. - 14:
Take your time

### Contrast: Fera and Eiva versus Kaia and Sata

In combat, Fera and Eiva are fighters, while Kaia and
Sata play support roles. Sata likes light-hearted humor that may be a bit
naughty, while Fera likes brutal, offensive, lewd humor. Sata gets really
into jokes, Kaia plays more of a supportive role. No one understands Eiva's
humor because she is a relic. Fera and Eiva do not care about the feelings
and the well being of others. Kaia and Sata are more delicate, empathic, and
conscientious.

## Book 2

The Goddess plans to bring back Sata, Ursa, Zok, and Noia. Then, Ursa will be
impregnated with Zek and later Oina. When Zek and Oina grow up, all of the
Pulvists we know from the first book will be reunited.

The first book ends after Fera consolidates control over Earth, but there are
still questions about whether there will be a war between Sinistrae and Dextrae
again and what role Kaia and her baby will play in that war. In the second
book, Fera deals with politics on Earth and plans to invade Mars. Fera explains
that Kaia is integral to her plans of conquering Mars. Fera presents her plan
to corporateCouncil, democraticDelegation, autochthonAssembly, and the
eternalEnlighted. Fera is given command of the joint Dextrae armies of Earth.
She has her own scientists and engineers (with the help of Ben, who is still in
love with Fera) develop Sinistrae energy weapons and spaceships. With the
prospect finally conquering Mars, the Dextrae do not want risk civil war on
Earth. Fera knows that fear of Kaia's powers and the promise of taking control
of Mars are essential to preventing another Dextrae-Sinistrae War. Ral follows
through with his plan of allowing the new mimics infiltrating Earth through the
peoplePrinters. When Fera goes to reclaim Mars, she does it with a coalition of
Sinistrae and Dextrae forces. She has the blessing of the Earth government and
the forces refer to her as General Fridzia. As soon as the combat begins on
Mars, the mimics attack Earth, take control of all peoplePrinters, and start
printing mimics, mimic warriors, and mimic animals. The new mimics are
different that the old mimics. New mimics cannot get pregnant, instead they can
impregnate human men and women and mimic men and women through sexual
intercourse. Human men typically die after giving birth to a new mimic baby,
while human women typically survive the birth. Mimic men and women have the
best chances of surviving a new mimic birth. Plenty of opportunities for goring
descriptions of the births. Old mimics can only become pregnant themselves
after interacting with humans, they cannot impregnate others. Since the
invading mimics have their consciousnesses printed into human-like bodies, it
becomes difficult to say who is human, new mimic, and old mimic. The new mimic
bodies did not adapt to Earth, but their design is tailored to the task of
dominating Earth. Fera's army is repelled from Mars and they find that Earth is
under the control of the mimics. The people of Earth see Fera as their only
hope. Reli Corp stock skyrockets and Fera becomes extremely popular on social
media. Fera becomes head of the Earth government in exile. Trapped between a
hostile Earth and a hostile Mars, Fera sets up a new base of operations in
space with the Mungs and the space prisoners. Fera plans to retake Earth while
repelling the Martian invasion. The Thelusians are very good at building and
fighting in space. Fera has to rely on the space expertise of Mungs and the
space prisoners. Eiva and her daughter escape to space to be with Fera. Kaia
and her son turn into villains (the second Pulverulent Goddess and the Shade
Prince) and attack Earth while the Sinistrae fight against the new mimics. The
Sinistrae must fight a war on two fronts. The Dextrae firepower on Earth is
formidable and the Thelusians are experts in using Dextrae for space warfare.
Everyone starts thinking that the Sinistrae will be crushed. What saves them?
The power of friendship? Sata and Kaia? No, Sata cannot even recognize Kaia
now. Eiva's daughter convinces the Shade Prince to form an alliance. He strikes
a deal with her. In exchange for help against the new mimics, she must marry
him and agree to rule both planets together. She agrees. She has feelings for
him, but recognizes that he is acting like a villain. She does what she has to
in order to save her people. After they are married, the Thelusians allow the
Sinistrae to recover and focus their full power on attacking Earth. The
Thelusians kill humans, old mimics, and new mimics indiscriminately in their
attempt to conquer the planet. The new mimics were not expecting to fight the
Thelusians and say that Ral should have warned them about the possibility.
Eiva's daughter thinks Kaia's son broke his promise, but he says that he
promised to fight the new mimics, not protect everyone else. He adds that it is
impossible to tell who is who, so killing everyone is the only viable solution.
The Sinistrae watch as Earth is engulfed in the war between Thelusians and new
mimics. All of the inhabitants of Earth consider the Thelusians to be their
common enemy and join forces to fight the Thelusians together. Eiva's daughter
has to live on a Thelusian ship with Kaia's son. She goes with him willingly to
secure the alliance, but then she regrets it. She is treated very well, but she
hates having to watch the war unfold while Kaia's son treats her like a prized
pet. She feels like a caged bird. The inhabitants of Earth try to destroy the
peoplePrinters to stop the flow of new mimics. The new mimics still need humans
or old mimics to reproduce, so they prefer to capture them rather than kill
them. From the perspective of the new mimics, old mimics are the most highly
prized captives, human women are considered fairly valuable captives, and human
men are the least valuable captives. Old mimics try to form an alliance with
humans to resist the new mimics, but it is difficult, because they do not know
who is who as new mimics have a separate hivemind. Old mimics can recognize
each other, as can new mimics, but humans have no idea and doubt everyone. The
second book ends with Eiva's daughter feeling trapped. She has sex with Kaia's
son to cement the alliance. She saved the Sinistrae, but wonders what kind of
monster she married. Her husband is fine with indiscriminately killing everyone
on Earth. The people of Earth become disillusioned with Fera as she scrambles
to organize a force to retake Earth and handle the influx of refugees from
Earth. Eiva's daughter's marriage is the key to keep the refugees alive. She
feels betrayed by her mothers who tell her she has to do everything that will
be necessary to secure victory and the survival of Sinistrae. Fera enacts a
plan to move the refugees and food produce satellites on the opposite side of
the Sun. The people on the other side of the sun form their own nation. Once
the refugees, Mungs, Sinistrae, and space prisoners are safe, Eiva's daughter
escapes to Earth to fight for the safety of anyone who was not able to escape.
Eiva's daughter finding out that she can distinguish between humans, new
mimics, and old mimics, using Sinistrae injections. Old mimics become
plant-like, new mimics turn into predators, while humans benefit from the
Sinistrae injections. She starts off by indiscriminately killing new mimics,
but then becomes convinced that new mimics born on Earth can be good. She
starts protecting new mimic children, even though everyone else sees them as
the enemy. She continues organizing the resistance even after she realizes she
is pregnant with Kaia's son's child. The book ends with her looking up at the
stars wondering what she should do about the baby and what will happen when her
husband finds her. He seems like he cares about her a great deal, but he will
probably want to kill all of the new mimic children she is protecting.

How are Sata and Kaia reunited? The Pulverulent Goddess says she will help Kaia
get Sata back, but Kaia must stop resisting the Pulverulent Goddess. Desperate
to be with Sata again, Kaia agrees. She feels the Pulverulent Goddess guiding
her. The Pulverulent Goddess guides her to the ruins of a library (Biblioteka
Jagiellonska?). There she meets Granny, an elderly woman who gives her a few
books: UNO: the Complete Reference, Historia Martis, and a sudoku puzzle book.
"How do you know these are the books I need?" "These books came to me in a
dream." "Do you dreams of Mars?" "At this point, I live on Mars and sometimes
have dreams of Earth." "Do I need to read these books?" "You can if you wish,
but I believe it will not be necessary." When Fera visits, Fera takes interest
in Historia Martis, she starts reading and cannot put the book down, looking
for clues to defeat the Pulverulent Goddess. "You can go now Mommy, I will keep
her here. Mars Mommy is helping me." With Fera distracted Kaia leaves her son
with Fera, Iona, and Ral. She enters the capsule and finds the AI. The
Pulverulent Goddess tells her to give the sudoku book to the AI. I brought you
a puzzle book. What kind of puzzles? Sudoku. Please provided username and
password. The Pulverulent Goddess whispered in Kaia's ear. Guess the password?
(the UNO AI is brought under control when Kaia tries to use a defective sudoku
puzzle to cause it to glitch. the AI, "command ku not found", "Guess the
password," a voice whispered "Guess the password?!" Kaia exclaimed, "Password
accepted. Welcome guest," the AI responded). Welcome user guest. Command ku not
found. Please try again with another command. I want to find Sata. User
Satalitastra Azymuta is stored in my memory banks. Release Sata into the
Scenderverse. Should I move or copy? Copy. Now Kaia needs to make a deal with
Ben and Edl to print Sata out. She says that she will allow them to scend her
if they print out Sata. They agree but only if Kaia is already scended. The
Pulverulent Goddess tells her to accept. They inject her with Dextrae nanotech,
shave her head, and remove the top of her skull, and cover the dura with a
nanotech gel, and prepare to dissect her brain. Tendrils extend from the
machine and cover every inch of brain. The Pulverulent Goddess enters their
system through the tendrils and takes control, releasing Kaia's restraints, and
replacing the top of her skull, stapling it in place. Kaia realizes that the
Pulverulent Goddess was using her to enter the Scenderverse and gain control of
the Dextrae systems. The Pulverulent Goddess begins to replicate in the
Scenderverse and terrorize the people there. Kaia prints out Sata. They are
reunited. They go back for Kaia's son. When they arrive, the Pulverulent
Goddess springs from the book Fera is still reading and starts strangling her.
Kaia's son had been slowly destroying Fera's Sinistrae, so she was not shielded
against the Pulverulent Goddess's attack. Kaia tries to save Fera, but realizes
that the only way to save her is to escape with her son. Without the presence
of Kaia and her son, Fera would eventually recover. From Fera's perspective, it
looks like Kaia and Sata showed up, Kaia used her powers to strangle Fera, and
left her for dead while escaping with her son, Iona's head, and Sata. Fera
recovers. She realizes that she no longer has any leverage over Kaia. Fera
organizes a search party and chases after Kaia et al., because Kaia is integral
to Fera's plan to invade Mars. Kaia is also the reason why Fera was never
challenged by Dextrae forces. The news spread quickly of Kaia's ability to
destroy energy sources at will. If anyone learned that Kaia is no longer under
Fera's control, the Dextrae forces may attack starting a new Dextrae -
Sinistrae war.

What happens after Kaia's escape (above) but before the invasion of Mars?
...

The Pulverulent Goddess stays quiet in the Scenderverse and waits for the invasion of
Mars.

How does this affect Ral's plan?

Ral enacts his plan quietly. Printing out mimic invaders masquerading as
humans.

When the invasion of Mars begins the Pulverulent Goddess starts printing Thelusians
from the Scenderverse.

The Thelusians start killing everyone indiscriminately.

The people of Earth start destroying peoplePrinters to stop the flood of
Thelusians.

The new mimics should stay hidden until their numbers are superior.

Once the peoplePrinters are destroyed, the new mimics start to reproduce
sexually, leading to unexplained deaths, and male pregnancy (human males who
become pregnant are mistaken for mimics).

Suspicious of this, the government begins to wonder if mimics have mutated to
become more hostile. They renew the Sinistrae injection program. The presence
of new mimics is revealed by the Sinistrae injections which turns the new
mimics into monstrous sexual predators. The Sinistrae injections are also the
only way to save someone who is pregnant with a new mimic baby. Reli Corp
skyrockets again.

Humans have to join forces with new mimics and old mimics to fight the
Thelusians, but the government kills any found to be a new mimic.

The Thelusians can self-replicate and spread quickly.

As the balance of the war begins to favor the Thelusians, Ral negotiates with
the Earth government to get a truce between humans and new mimics.

The Thelusians gain control of Earth's orbital defenses which prevents Fera
from returning to Earth.

Earth's military is stuck between Mars and Earth. Refugee ships are shot down
by Earth's orbital defenses.

Fera gives up Eiva's daughter to Kaia's son in exchange for an armistice with
the Thelusians. In reality the Thelusians are bluffing and they do not have the
means to challenge Earth's military in space, that is why the Shade Prince can
convince the Pulverulent Goddess to accept a truce in exchange for Eiva's daughter. Fera
sets up a new base of operations in space. She trains in extreme G. Fera
contacts Ral to make a deal with the new mimics. Fera tells the new mimics that
they have to destroy Earth's orbital defenses so that Fera can bring Earth's
military to the surface. The new mimics are happy to oblige because they know
that a mimic armada is on its way and that destroying the orbital defenses will
soften the Earth for the coming invasion.

By fighting alongside the humans and old mimics, the new mimics realize that
they have a lot in common and start to consider the prospect of living
peacefully with humans, as the old mimics were trying to do.

Fera makes it back to Earth and Eiva's daughter escapes her husband (she later
finds out that she is pregnant with his child). They fight the Thelusians
together.

Eiva's daughter falls for a new mimic who also gets her pregnant. She tells her
lover that she is pregnant already. He says that it does not matter to him. She
does not know he is new mimic. She gives birth to two babies, one human, the
other new mimic. She doesn't know that the smaller child is a new mimic. She
thinks that she have birth to two human twins. She gets suspicious when one of
the children looks like her lover and has a deep connection with him. The
Sinistrae in her body kept her alive during the difficult pregnancy and birth.
When she finds out that her lover is new mimic, she is devastated. He says that
she would have rejected him, perhaps even tried to kill him if she had known.
Eiva's daughter reconciles with her lover, because she needs his help. Will she
learn to love her mimic child? The mimic child resembles her and loves her.
She cannot bring herself to reject or harm her mimic child.

...

Zek and Zok worship the Pulverulent Goddess and serve her biding. The birth of Kaia's
son and the invasion of Mars was part of the Pulverulent Goddess's plan. Was Pyr
bullying Kaia also part of the plan? Zek and Zok have been building relay
stations all over the planet with copies of the Pulverulent Goddess inside. This allows
the Pulverulent Goddess to have instant access to Kaia at all times. Sata decides to
join the Pulverulent Goddess, just to be with Kaia. Sata becomes the Pulverulent Goddesss
all-seeing eye and allows the Pulverulent Goddess to possess and control Dextrae users.
The all-seeing greatly amplifies the Pulverulent Goddess's power. Kaia and Sata remain
in love despite being undead and evil.

Sata must be reunited before Kaia goes to Mars, so Sata can see Kaia becoming
the Pulverulent Goddess. Fera invades Mars, but realizes it is a trap. Kaia uses her
powers to destroy Thelusians but by channeling the The Pulverulent Goddess she goes
insane and joins the The Pulverulent Goddess. The Pulverulent Goddess also eventually corrupts
Kaia's son. He recognizes her as his mother. On Mars, Kaia goes insane and
becomes the Dust Princess. The mistake that everyone made was assuming that
the power that Kaia wielded was coming from Kaia. Whenever Kaia channeled the
Pulverulent Goddess's power she lost a little bit of herself. The Echo dreams had been
conditioning Kaia for this moment her whole life. Together with her son and
older self, Kaia repels the Sinistrae invasion, which already have started to
pull back to save Earth, (home court advantage) and creates an new army of
Sinistrae and Dextrae Thelusians. Zek and Zok see this is a realization of
their plan. Ursa wants to stay with her son. Iona joins them as she sees it as
a chance for the Thelusian civilization to regain its dominance of space. Mars
and Earth prepare for interplanetary war. Without Kaia and her son, the
Sinistrae are no match for Dextrae firepower and have to retreat. The Dust
Queens plan to spread their power to Earth and since the Sinistrae do not have
the firepower to stop them, they launch an invasion immediately. Eiva's
daughter tries to convince Kaia's son to broker peace, but he says that they
will have peace Earth is conquered. He says that he wants to rule both planets
with Eiva's daughter at his side as his queen. Sata tries to convince Kaia to
come back to her, but Kaia is consumed to the point that Sata cannot tell which
of the two Pulverulent Goddesss are her Kaia. The invasion is a success. As part of the
surrender agreement, Eiva's daughter marries Kaia's son and they will rule both
planets as the bone princess and the shadow prince. The Thelusian civilization
is rebuilt with Iona as its Queen. The Thelusians enslave the Mungs and space
prisoners. Zek and Zok marry the Pulverulent Goddesss and become the Dust Kings.
Eiva's daughter is pregnant. Kaia's son is happy to have an heir to the throne,
even though he believes that his reign will be eternal. Sata, Fera, and Eiva
are confined in the bone palace (a palace built from the bones of Fera's
enemies on top of the ruins of Wawel castle) and help take care of the baby.
Ral plans to destroy both Sinistrae and Dextrae, though he is unsure if it will
be possible to change anything now that the villains have complete control of
both Mars and Earth. The book ends with Ral contacting a nearby mimic
civilization that was built from s from Sinistrae and Dextrae particles that
started to react to signals sent by distant mimic civilizations. The particles
self-construct into a non-organic mimic civilization. The mimics reveal that
they are intergalactic conquerors and that purpose of the messages were to have
mimics infiltrate planets and conquer planets them from within or to soften
their defense before the eventual invasion. The mimic civilization asks if the
people of Earth and Mars were kind to him and other mimics. Ral replies that
they were not. The mimic civilization instructs Ral to wait for the invasion.
As mimics do not age, Ral will still be alive when the invasion arrives. Ral
decides not to warn anyone about the invasion. Ral doesn't want to wait for the
invasion, so he enters a stasis pod like the one Eiva used. As Ral enters the
pod, he thinks about everyone and wonders if they will still be alive when he
wakes up.

## BugBall

"BroodBugs produce BunnyBugs eggs. BroodBugs that grow large enough can produce
BeastBug and BroodBug eggs too. To grow bigger, BroodBugs need to eat BunnyBugs
that have eaten enough grass. Like BroodBugs, BeastBugs eat BunnyBugs to grow
bigger. Bugs grow bigger by eating. BroodBugs and BeastBugs eat BunnyBugs.
BunnyBugs eat grass. If a BeastBug eats enough BunnyBugs it can grow large
enough to eat other BeastBugs and even BroodBugs."

"We start with 1 BroodBug egg, 2 beastBug eggs, and 4 BunnyBug eggs. 

"Each set of eggs is worth 1 point. The goal is to have the
highest number of points at the end of the time limit."

- burgleBugs steal eggs to feed them to the queen (only players should be able to steal eggs not bugs)
- bounceBugs help hatch eggs by bouncing them (only players should be able to bounce eggs not bugs)
- boostBugs help eggs grow bigger by bouncing them (only players should be able to roll eggs, not bugs)
- blockBugs are very fast moving sideways but very slow moving forward and back
"To get started, you need to hit, kick, or bounce the eggs until they hatch."

"The eggs grow by absorbing kinetic energy, pulling carbon from the air, and consuming grass."

"Ursa, you might want to zip up your flight suit if you don't Kaia's eyes to pop out of her head."

"I don't mind if she looks. You can look too. Take a good look at the bite marks you left."

- All of the bugs have the same genetic code. The only difference between them is which genes are expressed and which genes are silenced.
- Everyone plays BugBall in Juvenia Stadium, Ral explains that the bugs and bunnies are also from the cosmic message. In BugBall, you can do whatever you can to advance the bug. Sheep are kept in pens on either end. After absorbing enough kinetic energy and mowing enough grass in its herbivore phase, the bug unfurls. An unfurled devourer enters its carnivore phase, starts to attack anyone nearby, and then searches for bunnyBalls to eat. Unfurled bunnyBalls can run away. Unfurled queens can fly and start creating new BugBalls. Unfurled batteringBugs charge and break down barriers. Unfurled blockerBugs create block bugs and players with their bodies. Unfurled worker bugs build barriers. The team with the most bunnyBalls in their pen at the end of game wins. Players can steal bunnyBalls from the pen of the opposing team. Each team starts with several baby BugBalls, one devourer BugBall, two flying queen BugBalls, four batteringBugs, eight blockerBugs, sixteen worker bugs, and 32 bunnyBalls.
  - "They're not really bunny. We just call them bunnies because they are furry. I looks like a puss caterpillar (Megalopyge opercularis) except its much larger and rolls up in a ball when it feels threatened, which is most of the time when humans are around."

Sata and Kaia go to see BugBall practice. Zek, Ben, and them observe the
practice, while Ursa, Iona, and Edl play. 

## Trunderstudy

"What's a trunderstudy?"

"A triple understudy. It is like a vice president, or rather a vice vice vice
president.", Arla explained, counting on her fingers with each "vice". "If
something happens to the lead performer, the understudy, and the dunderstudy,
then I have to be ready to take over, so that the show can go on."

## Eiva's daughter

"Look at what she can do.", Eiva proudly gesturing towards her daughter.
Fera looked in amazement as the skeleton in front of them danced.

"She can move it with her mind? Did you know she could do that?", Fera asked.

"Throw a bone knife at my face."

"What? No!"

"Fine, aim at my stomach. If I can't block it, you can always stitch up me
afterwards, but I'm not in any danger, because you throw like a girl."

Fera's favorite activity other than skating was throwing rocks. Whenever she
was too tired to skate, she would spend hours throwing rocks at abandoned
buildings. Throwing rocks was an outlet for the anger that Fera felt.

"Come on! Let's see what that noodle arm can do. I bet you can't even reach
me!"

Fera did not need any further encouragement. She threw a bone knife straight at
Eiva's chest.

Eiva did not move a muscle, but the knife got knocked away in mid-air.

"I was the best Sinistrae wielder during the war. Changing the paths of thrown
bone knives was my specialty. Too bad I couldn't deflect Dextrae bullets during
the war."

"With Kaia, we don't need to deflect the bullets. She can blow up all of their
weapons. If the blasts don't kill them, our arrows and knives will."

## Civilizations:

- Cacumina (topsiders)
- Martians
- Thelusians
- Scenders
- Driads
- Subaks
- Zeppelinomads
- Mimics
- Mungs
- Lunkers

## Names:

- Female names are created from given name, mother's name, maternal grandmother's
(waipo's) name, e.g. Kaia, Kela, Aila
- Male names are created from given name,
father's name, paternal grandfather's (yeye's) name, e.g. Zek, Ian, Rov

Girls take their mother's last name, while boys take their fathers last name.

Zek and Zok are not actually twins. Danilo created Echo and Scender versions of
himself. The Echo version, Zek, was born to a surrogate mother that Danilo
hired and then conditioned with Danilo's mind using Echo tech. The Scender
version, Zok, was printed from a scan of a previous Echo's mind. Zek fights in
a mixed style, while Zok is pure melee tank. Zek pretends to be Iona's
boyfriend, while Zok pretends to be Ursa's boyfriend. In reality, they are all
polyamorous. Zek fixes Iona when she needs repair and tries to make sure she is
comfortable. Zok tries to keep Ursa entertained. Zok is more muscular and
better looking than Zek while Zek is more nerdy and tech savvy. Kaia meets Zek
and Zok (the twins as Lan introduces them) on the airship. The airship crashes
because Kaia has a dream about the Pulverulent Goddess destroying the fuel cell, which
results in the fuel cell actually exploding in real life. Zek and Zok are
responsible for the Echo dreams that Kaia experiences. They are secretly amazed
by Kaia's ability to destroy fuel cells and decide to encourage her to develop
this talent. They tell Kaia that she was responsible for the airship, she is
dismayed, but they tell her that she can learn to control her power. The power
to destroy fuel cells comes in handy when they go to rescue Arla and Lan.

## Martian book
Anyone non-Echo who looks at the text in the book loses the ability to breathe.
Only by understanding Martian text can someone look at the book's text and survive.

## Combat
The first time we see major combat is when everyone sets out to rescue Arla and
Lan.

Edl, Ursa, Zok, and Iona are tanks
Kaia, Ben, and Sata are ranged
Zek and the Sinistrae (Fera, Eiva, and Mel) are mixed
Taz refuses to come, because he says that Arla lied to him

Sata is mostly useful as a scout. Ral in useless at all times. Ben is fairly
useless with his robotic birds, because Kaia can blow up any animalAutomatons
before Ben can hack them. Ben is mostly good for scouting with his birds,
opening doors, and accessing schematics. The major advantage is provided by
Kaia who causes energy weapons and exoskeleton armor power suits to explode.
The government soldiers who remove their energy-powered gear and avoid the
explosions are left with only combat knives. None of the characters are immune
to the combat knives, so there is still real danger, but their powers allow
them to quickly defeat the government soldiers. For example, the government
soldiers are not able to fight effectively when Kaia and Zek blind and
disorient them. To keep the battles from being one-sided, the protagonists
split up. How should they split up? Anyone who Kaia, has no problem. Without
Kaia, Zek and the Sinistrae have to use stealth and the tanks have to use
lightning fast offense. The government facilities also contain genetically
engineered soldiers (GES) with pangolin armor plating growing on their bodies.
The GES can use echo location to find their foes, so they can continue fighting
even after Echos blind them. The Scender tanks have trouble defeating the GES,
so the Sinistrae get to show off their powers. In comparison with the regular
government soldiers, all Echos, Sinistrae, and Scenders seem really OP. The
final battle is against a giant robot with a fuel cell that Kaia cannot explode
because it would destroy the entire facility. Instead Kaia destroys anything on
the robot that has an independent fuel cell, e.g. gun turrets. The Scender
tanks (Edl, Ursa, and Zok) and Sinistrae (Fera, Eiva, and Mel) have to team up
to destroy the giant robot. Zek is useless against it. Ben tries to hack it.
Is Sata a Sinistrae at this point? I think she shouldn't be.

### Melee
- Edl:
  - Tank
  - Strong
  - Body is mostly Dextrae nanotech based
    - Extremely resistant to conventional damage
    - Sensitive to Sinistrae (they can sap his strength until they can eventually overpower him)
  - Echos like Kaia can blind and disorient him
  - Kaia can eventually use her Dextrae powers to control Edl like a puppet after weakening him with her Sinistrae powers
- Iona:
  - Tank
  - Strong
  - Not as strong as Edl or as resistant to damage, but people underestimate her all the time because she looks like a beauty queen
  - Thelusian
    - Can expose built in retractable daggers that push through her soft casing
    - Conventional damage causes her soft casing to be disrupted revealing that she is a robot
    - Can continue fighting even after losing limbs (resistant to dismemberment)
    - Can self repair injuries with time
    - Sensitive to EMP and Sinistrae
    - Kaia can eventually use her Dextrae powers to control Iona like a puppet
      - Kaia freezes Iona with her Dextrae powers and begs Fera not to kill Iona after the massive battle in the chapter called "Nothing interesting happens"
      - After fake Sata kills Ursa and Zek, Kaia does not want to see any other friends die.
      - Fera rips off Iona's head, but promises to reattach it after things settle down
    - Fighting Iona is a sneak preview of fighting the Pulverulent Goddess and the insane Thelusians on Mars
- Ursa:
  - Strong
  - Energy wielder
  - Not as strong as Edl or as resistant to damage
  - People underestimate her because she looks like a beauty queen
    - Sensitive to Sinistrae (they can sap his strength until they can eventually overpower him)
  - Echos like Kaia can blind and disorient her
- Dzaa:
  - Strong
  - Expert at throat singing
  - Mung
    - Not resistant to conventional damage
    - Extremely resistant to extreme G
    - Capable pilot in the air and in space
  - Consider the Space Captain to be
    - weak
    - old
    - not that great at his job, and
    - terrible at speaking Mung
- Space Captain
  - Former space prisoner
  - Currently a freelance space captain
  - Smuggler, gun-for-hire
  - Falls in love with Dzaa because he considers her to be the perfect women
  - Speaks Mung, albeit very badly

### Mixed
- Arla:
  - Can summon and control mimic animals for transportation or combat
  - Under extreme circumstances, can give birth to mimic warriors, who always look like children, because they never grow or age, but have retractable claws and teeth, and kill via stealth and surprise.
    - Arla is killed along with her normal mimic child after she is captured by the government
- Lan:
  - Can summon and control mimic animals for transportation or combat
  - Under extreme circumstances, can give birth to mimic warriors, who always look like children, because they never grow or age, but have retractable claws and teeth, and kill via stealth and surprise.
    - Lan has a mimic warrior child because of the torture he suffers after he is captured by the government
- Ral:
  - Can summon and control mimic animals for transportation or combat
  - Under extreme circumstances, can give birth to mimic warriors, who always look like children, because they never grow or age, but have retractable claws and teeth, and kill via stealth and surprise.
- Taz (Dextrae):
  - Strike force officer
  - Sniper rifle makes him ranged
  - Exoskeleton suit makes him a tank and provides retractable knives as melee weapon
- Taz (Sinistrae):
  - Fera's security officer
  - Bow and arrow plus throwing bone knives makes him an effective ranged fighter
  - Bone knives and bone armor make him a formidable melee fighter
  - Immune to Echo manipulation
  - Trades Dextrae exoskeleton for Sinistrae bone armor
- Mel (Sinistrae):
  - Fera's administrative assistant
  - Bow and arrow plus throwing bone knives makes him an effective ranged fighter
  - Bone knives and bone armor make him a formidable melee fighter
  - Immune to Echo manipulation
- Kaia (Sinistrae):
  - Bow and arrow plus throwing bone knives makes her an effective ranged fighter
  - Bone knives and bone armor make her a formidable melee fighter
  - Trades Dextrae powers for Sinistrae powers, but later she can use both
- Sata (Sinistrae):
  - Bow and arrow plus throwing bone knives makes her an effective ranged fighter
  - Bone knives and bone armor make her a formidable melee fighter
  - Immune to Echo manipulation
- Eiva (Sinistrae):
  - Bow and arrow plus throwing bone knives makes her an effective ranged fighter
  - Bone knives and bone armor make her a formidable melee fighter
  - Immune to Echo manipulation
  - Can change the paths of thrown bone knives
  - Can create new bone weapons from the bones of fallen enemies and comrades
- Fera (Sinistrae):
  - Bow and arrow plus throwing bone knives makes her an effective ranged fighter
  - Bone knives and bone armor make her a formidable melee fighter
  - Immune to Echo manipulation
  - Can change the paths of thrown bone knives
  - Can create new bone weapons from the bones of fallen enemies and comrades
- Zek (Echo):
  - Can blind and disorient Dextrae
  - Uses poisoned daggers and controls snakes
  - Uses stealth and hit-and-run tactics
  - Fights a bit like Adlet in Rokka anime
- Zok (Scender):
  - Strong
  - Energy wielder
  - Not as strong as Edl or as resistant to damage
    - Sensitive to Sinistrae (they can sap his strength until they can eventually overpower him)
  - Echos like Kaia can blind and disorient him

### Ranged
- Sata (Dextrae):
  - Can control Dextrae when she has seizures
  - Has scouting capabilities
- Kaia (Dextrae):
  - Plays a strong support role
  - Can blind and disorient Dextrae
  - Can cause all Dextrae fuel cells to explode, destroying animalAutomatons, exoskeleton powersuits, energy weapons, etc.
    - Destruction of energy weapons shifts the balance in combat between Dextrae and Sinistrae
    - In normal ranged combat, it is Dextrae bullets versus Sinistrae arrows
    - With energy weapons, Dextrae who can pin the Sinistrae down with endless suppressing fire
    - Without energy weapons, Dextrae have no firepower, but Sinistrae arrows still work
    - Once energy weapons are destroyed, Sinistrae no longer have to use stealth to avoid Dextrae bullets
    - Fuel cells explosion can kill or maim Dextrae, those who survive have to fight Sinistrae in melee combat while avoiding Sinistrae arrows
- Ben:
  - Fast on smooth terrain when wearing powerskates
  - Can control all animalAutomatons and later gun turrets and orbital lasers
    - After being capturing by Ben, Kaia makes Ben destroy half his building with an orbital laser, so she can escape when Zek and Ursa come to rescue her
  - Extremely sensitive to Kaia's Echo powers of making fuel cells exploded, because all of his tech contains fuel cells
  - Tech genius

## Parents
Kaia and Sata miss their parents (who are they?).
Fera misses her mom, not her abusive father.
Zek, Zok, Ursa, Ral, Arla, Lan, and Iona do not have living parents.
Ben and Edl have great relationships with their parents who try to hide the fact that Edl was synthesized by Ben when he was a child.
Dzaa and Daka's parents are in space.
Taz and Mel are adults.

## Ral
Ral gets pregnant from Fera. When she discovers Sinistrae, Ral miscarries. He
is heartbroken and cannot be near her again, so he tries to invent a way to
inoculate mimics against Sinistrae and eventually adapt their reproductive
systems to Sinistrae. He fails to create the inoculation and later falls in
love with Kaia.

## Mungs

Intro two new characters named Dzaa and Daka. Aka is a Mung girl who needs
exoskeletons to move around on earth because she suffers from osteogeneza
imperfecta and her bones are brittle and weak after a lifetime in space. Dzaa
is a Mung girl who grew up on a spacecraft that was spinning wildly out of
control. After a lifetime of being exposed to extreme G forces, Dzaa became
extremely strong, the exact opposite of Aka. Dzaa falls for Edll, because he is
the only man she has seen who can rival her strength. Ben takes an interest in
Daka's exoskeleton, which she built herself in space (a throwback to his
earlier interest in Fera). The Mung people are named after the Mung beans that
they grow in space as a protein source for Earth. The Mungs consist of various
ethnicities that were driven into space when larger, more powerful neighbours
took over their land. The Mungs believe that Tengri, the sky god, saved them
from conflict on Earth by accepting them into the sky. The government views
them as space parasites and promotes several stereotypes and misconceptions
regarding Mungs, e.g. that they use their babies to plug holes in their
spacecraft. Mungs fight with prisoners sent to space. The government does not
recognize Mungs as a people. Mungs want a sovereign nation. The government
cracks down on any political activity and indiscriminately destroyed Mung ships
before but had stopped since the Mungs learn to throw space rocks at Earth with
great precision. Currently, there is a stalemate.

Dzaa and Daka are sent to Earth to talk with Fera after the Mung people she her
success as CEO of Reli Corp and connect it to the recording of Fera's protest.

The girls plead with Fera to help the Mungs gain sovereignty from the government.

Fera tells that them after the revolution, there will be freedom for everyone,
even Mungs.

"and Lunkers." Ral added cautiously.

"Yes, Lunkers and Mungs."

"What about Subaks?

"The fish people? Ok, sure they can have freedom and equality too."

"What about Driads?"

"Yes, the tree people can also have freedom."

"What about-"

"Stop naming various ethnicities already! Look, everyone will get freedom and equality."

It is very important for Mungs to be a sovereign nation. We don't want end up like the Zeppelinomads.

Nomads that roamed the air in the their floating cities. To be honest, they
were a nuisance. They would hunt birds for food, hijack airships, and dump
their trash on the people below. Luckily, the government wiped them all out by
igniting all of their hydrogen and taking away all of their precious helium.

Driads show up to ask Fera to promise that she will protect the trees,
Subaks ask Fera to promise to respect the oceans. Fera agrees in exchange
for their promise to support the revolution.

A descendant of the Zeppelinomads approaches Fera asking for her help to rebuild
the Zeppelin civilization. Fera's advisors tell her not to because Zeppelinomads
were jerks.

"Why is there a downvote arrow on your head?"

Fera asks what the Zeppelinomads what he can bring to the revolution.
He says that he can control the air.

"What good are gusts of wind good for?"

"Well if you have sails, I can fill them with air on windless day."

Fera waited for additional benefits, but then realized that the list ended with
the first item.

"Ok, so you will be useful when we are on some kind of vehicle propelled by
wind."

"Yes, the obvious example is a sailboat, but land yachts also have sails.
There's also parasailing, paragliding, and windsurfing."

Fera asks him for a demonstration, but the
exposure to Sinistrae makes the demo very unimpressive.

"I think I felt something, but honestly I am not sure."

"That's what SHE said!" Eiva broke out laughing, then stopped laughing when she
saw that no one else was laughing.

"You don't have that joke here?"

"Obviously not, what's so funny?"

"Well, here is a guy who started off really confident, tried really hard to
impress us with skills until he was red in the face, and we barely felt a
thing, and I said that's what SHE said." Eiva broke out laughing again.

"It honestly is really funny. Y'all just don't understand." Eiva said a bit offended.

"Ok, I have seen enough. How many soldiers do you have?"

"Soldiers?"

"Yes, how many soldiers can you contribute to the revolution?"

"Zeppelinomads were always peaceful. We only stole what we needed for our
floating cities."

"Ok, if you do not have any soldiers, what do you have? Workers? Inventors?
Farmers?"

"We never farmed because we were nomads and lived in floating cities, but we
raised on our own birds. There were workers and inventors in Zeppelin
civilization, but now I am the only left."

"Wait, you're the only left?"

"Yes, as far as I know."

"And your only talent is moving air around?"

"Yes, but I am sure that with time and training I could master the other elements as well."

"Ok, I think we may have a use for you. Your job is stand next to me and fan
me. I don't want you speak, just fan me silently while looking at me with
complete admiration. I don't want to know your name. I will just call you
fanboy."

"Where should I get the fan?"

"Show a little initiative and find the fan yourself, you little runt! Do you
think the bone queen should solve all of your problems? Get going before I fill
you with hydrogen and light you on fire!" Fera exploded, finally losing her
patience.

Fera later becomes the CorporateCouncil Chair and becomes the most popular
streamer in the DemocracticDelegation. She is exhausted from constant work
meetings and never-ending demands from her followers for more content. She
shares videos of Eiva and her baby girl along with videos of Kaia and her baby
boy. Fera's followers speculate that Kaia, Eiva, and Fera are in a polyam
(polyamorous) relationship. Kaia does not use social media so only finds out
when she talks to Lita via her son. Lita is jealous. She thinks that Kaia got
rid of her so that she could live with Eiva and Fera.

"We are the Driads, we speak for the trees!"

Fera stations guards around the secret locations of the eternalEnlighted. If
the eternalEnlighted ever disobey her, the guards are instructed to destroy all
of the brain tanks. She grants sovereignty to the Subaks, Driads,
Mungs, and Lunkers, as she promised, and she forms two new branches of
government: a monarchy with her as the queen and a council with a
representative from the Subaks, the Driads, the Lunkers, and the Mungs.

Fera gives herself a permanent seat on the new council with veto power and puts
her fanboy on the Council as the Zeppeliner representative and uses him as her
puppet.

Ral asks for a seat on the council for mimics. Ben virtually represents Scenders,
because he still cannot obtain a body. Kaia is asked to represent Martians.
Iona represents Thelusians.

Fera controls all branches of government. She is the matriarchalMonarch, the
permanent queen of the entire government, and Eiva's daughter will be Queen
after her. Kaia's son is referred to as the dark prince, he has no claim to the
throne, because only women can be matriarchalMonarchs. Kaia has to keep her
son's powers a secret. The other 4 branches of government advise her. She has
veto power and final say over their decisions. Fera is Chair of the
CorporateCouncil and the most popular streamer in the DemocracticDelegation.
She is a permanent member of the electedEthnicities representing Sinistrae.
Dextrae do no get representation in the government.

Fera is planning to invade Mars and recover it from the Thelusians. Having
complete control of Earth, she launches her assault on Mars.

The next books focus on Eiva's daughter and Kaia's son. Eiva's daughter is
training to be queen. Kaia's son is not as good at controlling Sinistrae as
Eiva's daughter. He is jealous of his older "sister". He has no claim to the
throne. He still has dreams of Mars. His mother's dreams bleed over into his
dreams. He wants to bring back his father, his other mother, his mother's
friend, but he cannot since Dextrae technology has been banned. He has to keep
his ability to control Dextrae a secret. He is planning to destroy the current
world and bring back dekstrae.

When Kaia and Lita are reunited.

Kaia was apprehensive. She could not help be remember the last time she stood
over a peoplePrinter waiting for Lita to be brought back to life. Her son
assured her that this time would be different. He was printing a body for Lita
that was many years older than the body she had before so Kaia and Lita could
be the same age, like before. Kaia was braced for heartbreak. When the lid to
the personPrinter opened, she was already in tears. Lita got out the
personPrinter, Kaia was amazed with amazing she looked. Kaia searched Lita's
face for signs of hatred or resentment. What she saw in Lita's face prompted
Kaia to throw her arms around Lita and hug her. Lita hugged her back. Her smell
was the same as before. Her touch was electrifying. Kaia did not allow herself
to believe just yet.

Kaia asks a question that only Lita can answer. When Lita answers it correctly,
Kaia gasps and reaches out to touch Lita's face. "It's really you." Lita nods.
They are both crying. Kaia starts to explain. "The years without you. Every
night I dreamt of you." Lita placed a hand on either side of Kaia's face and
gazed deeply into her eyes as they widened with shock. Lita crashed her face in
Kaia's, kissing her deep. Kaia melted into Lita's strong yet soft hands. The
room exploded with colors. Had they never kissed before? Kaia realized that she
had never really kissed anyone before. Kaia broke from the kiss. She was
hyperventilating and her head was spinning. She held onto Lita, who looked at
her with an amused expression on her face.

"Was it that good? I wasn't expecting you get all googly eyed on me."

Kaia started to laugh. Lita was back after years living as in the Scenderverse.
Her worries that things would be different were dispelled. The horrible
waiting, the terrible uncertainty, the crushing doubt, all of it faded away.
Kaia couldn't express what she was feeling.

"We should probably get going. We have a planet to reconquer." Kaia's son said,
uncomfortable with the intense display of affection.

Kaia had forgotten she was not alone with Lita. Kaia became annoyed and was no
longer willing to hide her emotions.

"I've waited years for this. I never asked any of you for anything, never
anything for myself. Get the hell out and leave us alone!"

Kaia's son was shocked.

"Sure, no problem. You're welcome for reuniting you with the love of your life
by the way. Now that I've accomplished the impossible, I'll just go and sit in
a dark room by myself."

Kaia pulled Lita by the hand towards the table, thinking they could chat and
catch up after years of separation. Lita pulled Kaia in, wrapping her arms
around her lower back and burying her head in Kaia's chest.

"These are bigger than I remember."

Kaia struggled to catch her breath. Her heart was pounding. She felt like she
had been running for hours. Lita grabbed Kaia's hands and rested them on her
shoulders. Then grabbing the backs of Kaia's thighs, Lita lifted Kaia up with
ease and gently sat her down on the table.

"Were did you learn these moves?"

"I've been planning this for years and I watched a lot of naughty videos while
I was waiting for you to make me a new body."

Kaia laughed. "Are you planning to do something naughty to me?"

"I honestly wouldn't even know where to begin.", Lita admitted, "I was a virgin
before I died and I didn't even have a body in the Scenderverse, much less a love life."

"I'm still a virgin too.", Kaia said bashfully.

"Shut up! How can you be a virgin when you have a kid?", Lita said, putting her hands on her hips.

"No, it's true! Zek did-"

"I remember. You told me before. I was just teasing you."


No one can carry a cellphone because during the war cellphone's could be caused
to detonate spontaneously. Kaia later learns to detonate anything with a fuel
cell, e.g. powerskates, powergloves, energy weapons, airships, etc. Kaia has a
dream that she is the Pulverulent Goddess crawling through the airship. She finds the
airship fuel cells and destroys them. When Kaia wakes up the fuel cells have
actually been destroyed. The airship crashes into Zakrzówek quarry lake.

Bring in a Relic character to be a romantic partner for Dela. The capsules are
all connected. The AI explains that there is a survivor from the war between
Sinistrae and dekstrae intact in stasis. The AI explains that Eiva is pregnant
and she was selected to be the first person to be awakened as part of the plan
to bring about the resurgence of Sinistrae. The AI tells Fera that she should
awaken Eiva and start introducing her to the new world and meanwhile Eiva will
teach Fera how to use Sinistrae powers. When Eiva awakens she admits that Eiva
was not originally her name, but the AI said that she would pick a new name for
her that matched the time when she was awakened. Eiva's husband died trying to
protect the capsules and keep them hidden. The AI does not try to create a full
name for Eiva and instead suggests that she add Fera's mother's name and Fera's
maternal grandmother's name (Eivavikadela Fridzia) and pretend she is Fera's sister.

Eiva and Fera develop a relationship and start sleeping together.

"After being frozen for thousands of years, I thought you might be a bit... frigid."

Eiva tackled Fera and started to throttle her.

"Oh, how did you know that's what I'm into?", Dela said, laughing.

Ral discovers them. "You are together with Eiva?!" Then, a mischievous look
overtook Ral's face. "Remember when you accused me of sleeping with my sister?
Turns out that you're an incestuous hypocrite."

Eiva looked puzzled.

"You're going to pay for that, you filthy moleman!"

Fera thinks that Eiva was lying to her about being pregnant. Eiva says she did
not know she was pregnant. She did not know it was possible for an embryo to
survive stasis. "When the baby is born, will our relationship change?", Fera
asked nervously.

Eiva's baby is a girl. Kaia's baby is a boy.

## Fera and Eiva name their baby

---
"What was your name before?"
"It doesn't matter. That was a different life."
"It matters to me."
"Desirée."
"What?"
"It means desired in French. My friends would call me Dezi."
"Were you French? In the Ancient times?"
"No, but it was common to give children French names back then."
"Ok, I can understand why the AI gave you a new name. Your old name was complete trash."
Eiva tackled Fera.
"Can I call you Dezi? When no one else is around? It can be our little secret."
Eiva's eyes filled with tears. She enveloped Fera in her arms.
"Maybe you can name your baby Dezi? If it's a girl."
"That wouldn't work though, right? Don't female names have to end in 'a'? It would have to be Deza."
"After we overthrow the government and abolish the name laws, you can name your baby whatever you want."
"Stop saying **your** baby."
"What? Why?"
"It'd make me happy if you said **our** baby."
Fera knew in that moment that she would do anything to protect Eiva and **their** baby.
---

Sinistrae disrupt Dextrae technology. Fera began to tap away at a console. With
every touch, the screen became increasingly distorted. Eventually, the screen
froze in a contorted mess before going blank.

"Dextrae tech is not going to work for us. The capsule is the last place in the
world that has Sinistrae tech. Everything else is just going to break when we
touch it."

"That's not fair, I'm really good with tech."

"Not just tech. You're really good at everything.", Eiva said admiringly.

"That's true, I'm really quite amazing. We can't take over the world just by
shooting arrows and throwing knives."

"During the war, we had people who were not infused with Sinistrae trying to
reverse engineer Dextrae technology. There were even a few Dextrae carriers who
tried to help us. Maybe we can find some people who know tech, who can help us."

Fera shot up. "Eiva, you're brilliant." "Of course, I am, but where are you
going?" Fera was already gone.

"Ral, how are you feeling?"

Lunkers don't use Dextrae tech. Lunkers don't trust Dextrae tech, since they
know Dextrae tech can be manipulated by Dextrae wielders. They use remnants of
the technology left after the war. The Lunkers were on the losing side. Ral
opened his eyes very wide. He never thought Fera would ask him about his
feelings. Seeing that Ral was frozen in place, Fera tried to smooth things
over. "Look, I feel bad. I know you wanted us to be together and it looks like
that will not possible right now."

"All I want to say is don't give up hope. I am sure you can find a way for us
to be together."

"Really?"

"I could ask for Ben help."

"Great idea. Could you maybe help me smooth things over with Ben and Edl?"

"Smooth over which things?"

"Well, when I blew up the school, I fought with them."

"Oh yes, but I do not think they are angry about that."

"Ben always complained of being bored and not having any challenges."

"So they'll forgive me, because I challenged them?"

"You did not just challenge them! You defeated them! If halogames have taught
me one thing, it's that once you defeat someone, they can join your side."

"You play halogames?"

"Yes, I had a system hidden in the theater."

"Listen, we need a way for Eiva and me to use Dextrae tech. For consoles, I'm
thinking multilayered gloves that separate the Sinistrae on the inside from the
Dextrae outside."

"Yes, that should be easy. All we need is a laminar flow cabinet where you can
put on sterile latex gloves followed by a pair of synthesized Dextrae infused
gloves."

"Let's use nitrile gloves. The latex ones are smelly."

Ral nodded. "After we figure that out. Maybe we can ask Ben for help with
figuring out mimics can adapt to Sinistrae?"

Ral looked away, blushing. Fera knew she had hit the bullseye. Having secured
Ral, Fera went back to sit with Eiva.

Are all Sinistrae users left handed?

No, we had more left handed people because we didn't suppress left-handedness.
The Dextrae were always trying to force everyone that right-handedness was the
only option and that preferring your left hand was a sign of dEivancy. The
Ancient Latin word for left was 'sinister' which in Ancient English also meant
malevolent or evil. The most common religious text of the ancient world said
that on judgement day, God would separate the people to two sides. Those on the
right would go to heaven, while those on the left would go to hell. In ancient
French, 'gauche' meant left, but also socially awkward or ungraceful. The words
associated with right, 'dexterous' in Ancient English or 'adroit' in Ancient
French, meant someone was skillful or clever. The word 'right'
in Ancient English, meant morally or factually correct.

The conflict between Dextrae and Sinistrae goes back to the Ancient World.

The Ancients did not have the technology to work with Dextrae or Sinistrae.
Dextrae and Sinistrae can self-destruct if they do not want to be studied.
Wielders hid their abilities because otherwise they would be labeled as witches
and hunted down or dissected in a laboratory, depending on the time period.

## Future book idea

The conflict between Dextrae and Sinistrae continues in modern
times. Have a character find an AI that gives her a copy of soulSwept. The AI
wrote the story as one of many possible futures. The story in the book is the
one that the AI thought would be the most appealing to modern day humans, but
the AI admits that it may not understand human literary tastes and that there
may have been potential stories or version of stories that it did not explore.
This essentially means that the story in the book, is certainly not the best
possible story, and may not even be the best story that the AI created, or may
not be that good objectively, though it probably was not the worst.

"If the story takes place in the future, why does everyone speak English?"

"I wrote it in a language that you would understand."

"All of things in the book could happen?"

"It is possible that we may see a future similar to the one described in the
book, but predictions become less likely as they become more specific. There is
no chance that the future will play out exactly as in the book. Nevertheless,
the book could still be valuable. I wrote it to be of interest to humans and I
am curious what you will think of it."

"There were some parts that did not make sense."

"That is to be expected. Generating text is not easy for AI. Writing a novel
that humans believe was written by a human is a tremendous accomplishment."

"Congratulations."

The main character in modern times has the same powers as Kaia but her world is
not saturated with Dextrae so her powers seem more limited. For example, she
has to touch a firearm to coat it with Dextrae before it can explode.

The Pulverulent Goddess character comes to life and takes over the AI. The AI hid clues in
the book to try to help the main character defeat the Pulverulent Goddess.

## Old outline

1. Keia is nervous about starting high school
    - In the public school system, all students are shocked by a machine called
      a TeslaTutor, which was originally used to teach children to type, during
      the high school induction ceremony
    - The ceremony takes place in the school gymnasium and every student is
      recorded while the shock is administered
    - Each student is shocked in a random order and the wait builds tension
    - Keia's friends give her advice on how to handle the shock
    - Ben suggests using mind over body principle to deal with the pain
    - Edl says he will imagine himself as a rock and thus not feel any pain
        - Ben jokes that it must be easy for Edl to imagine himself as a rock
          given the many similarities
    - Ursa says that it is ok to cry
    - Dan tells Keia to focus on the stakes
        - The recording will be available to everyone in the world
        - Showing any weakness during the ceremony will make it hard to find
          jobs in the future
    - Each of her Friends reacts to the shock differently
        - Ben trembles
        - Edl shows no signs of distress
        - Dan pretends to enjoy it and asks to be shocked again
        - Al pretends to get a kick out of the shock (what a rush!)
        - Ursa cries out in pain and struggles to hold back tears
        - Lita has a seizure (Keia is relieved to see that is only an
          absentee seizure)
        - Keia has a vision of being on a desolate planet covered in ash and
          she screams in frustration and horror as she falls to her knees
    - When the vision is over, Keia thinks it is a reaction to the pain of the
      shock is embarrassed
    - The gym erupts in laughter and taunts of kids
  - She is interviewed by the school counselor who plays the recording
  - The counselor asks whether her weird behavior was on purpose
    - Keia has to choose between being labeled as weird or rebellious
  - Keia's parent are disappointed with Keia
  - They tell her that the recording of her reaction to the shock is trending
    on social media
2. Keia gets attacked by bullies during lunch and Edl comes to her rescue
- The bullies use lunch trays to block the view of cameras, encircle Keia, knock her down, and start kicking her
- Keia and Edl are blamed for starting the fight
- Keia and Edl meet with the school principal
- The principal is furious and sweats profusely, but calms down after snapping his fingers and clicking his tongue to summon BuzzBees and BuzzBats to provide drug cocktails via stings and bites.
3. Keia and Edl are sent home
  - Keia asks if she can go to Edl's house
  - Keia is surprised by how affluent Edl's family appears and asks why he
    doesn't go to private school if his family can afford
  - Edl answers that his parents think that private school makes students lazy
  - Edl gives Keia food (she didn't have a chance to eat anything during lunch) and takes her downstairs
  - Keia see Edl's weight set and asks he can really lift that much weight
  - Edl appears nervous and flustered and starts explaining that he just wanted
    to see how many plates can fit on the bar
  - Keia laughs and says that she doesn't care how much Edl can lift and she
    convinces him to show her
  - After watching Edl bench an incredible amount of weight, she tells him to
    give it a rest because she was already impressed
  - Edl says very nervously that he wasn't trying to impress her
  - Keia touches Edl's shoulder and leans in the kiss him but changes her mind
    when ruins the moment by wondering whether his brother is ok
  - Keia excuses herself to go to the bathroom and starts to cry when she sees her bruised and puffy face thinking that Edl didn't want to kiss her because of the way she looked.
  - While playing vids, Keia realizes that Edl lets her get all of the
    power-ups and softens up enemies before letting her get the XP from kills
  - When Ben gets home, he joins them in the vid and she notices that Edl
    switches to from helping her to supporting Ben
  - Keia thinks she sees Lita in the game, but Ben and Edl say it might be
    because she got hit in the head
4. Keia is attacked in the cafeteria again
- the bullies distract Edl by attacking Ben, who fights off the bullies using robotic animals.
- Keia, Ursa, Ral, Nila, Lita hop on the table and keep the bullies at bay with their lunch trays
5. Keia, Ben, Edl, Ursa, Ral, Nila, Lita meet with the principal who plans to expel them, but Edl gets the BuzzBees and BuzzBats to give the principal an extra dose of drugs and then convinces the principal to punish them with community service instead of expulsion
6. Keia, Ben, Edl, Ursa, Lita discover the grotto and meet Lyndsi and agree to show her the outside world

x. Keia meets Granny

x. Keia learns Granny is an Echo too
  - Keia asks if the dreams get better
  - Granny says that the dreams get worse and that she cannot sleep for many
    days and sometimes she cannot tell if she is on Earth or Mars
  - According to Granny, all Echos eventually go insane from insomnia and conflicts between Martian and Earth memories.
  - Keia worries about how she will be effected by being an Echo given that Keia already hears voices and was diagnosed with schizophrenia.

-1. Keia and Ral head out into the world with Eustace.
  - Ral and his Mimic warrior child save Keia and Eustace from malfunctioning
    robots that pour out of an abandoned factory.
  - Ral finds Keia and tells her that the PersonPrinters have been compromised
  - Keia responds that she knows and tells Ral how someone had used Ursa's body
    to kill Granny and Dan
  - Keia asks Ral why he came back and he answers that he wants to keep Keia
    and Eustace safe.
  - Keia remarks that Ral is too weak to keep anyone safe
  - Ral answers that it's not only physical strength that counts and that
    anyone that can bury their child and then come back to help others is
    certainly not weak
  - Keia admits that she is glad to see him but isn't sure if she can trust him
  - Ral says that he isn't angry and doesn't blame Eustace for not being able
    to control its powers and killing Dea.
  - Keia tries to cheer him up by saying that Ral might be able to have another
    baby one day but Ral just smiles weakly and says that it might be possible
    one day
  - Ral asks if they can go to Lyndsi for help and Keia tells him that Lyndsi
    is dead
  - When Ral asks what happened, Keia says that Lyndsi came for her baby and
    killed Ursa before Keia killed her
  - Ral is shocked that Lyndsi and Keia would fight after being such good
    friends but says that he understands that Keia would do whatever it takes
    to protect Eustace
  - They decide to stay away from the Infini Corp and any place with
    PersonPrinters
  - Ral reads in the news that Reli Corp bought Echo Corp and merged with
    Infini Corp in a deal that involved replacing PersonPrinters with a new
    technology that was impossible to hijack
  - Ral says that they should be safe soon given that the PersonPrinters were
    being replaced
  - Keia reflects on the effect that the Reli Corp technology used by Dela
    and Sata had on Eustace and that others would come after Eustace
  - Keia decides that she would kill anyone to protect Eustace even if means
    destroying all of Reli Corp
  - That night Keia and Eustace dream of Mars and realizes that the Echo
    technology is still affecting her and Eustace
  - Now that Dan and Granny were dead, the possibility of reclaiming Mars
    seemed impossible
  - Given that Reli Corp technology hurts Eustace, there was no chance of
    escaping the Echo dreams
  - Keia cries as she has a vision of their future: Keia and Eustace live in
    fear constantly moving from place to place while they both become
    increasingly obsessed with the unattainable dream of reclaiming Mars until
    they both go insane like Granny

Book 2
- Eustace finds an abandoned PersonPrinter and brings back Dan and Ursa, who he
  considers to be his real father and mother, rejecting Keia and Ral

Lost civilizations:
- Mimics: Government/Corporate scientists did not decode all of the information they received via intergalactic broadcasts. The information on Mimic culture and philosophy were not deemed important enough to spend time decoding. The fragments that the Mimics were able to piece together became the basis of Mimic culture on Earth. The Mimics want to find the remaining information to learn the purpose of their existence and the story behind the intergalactic broadcasts that carried the recipe for their creation.
- Martians: Martian civilization ended in a war with Thelusians, a space dwelling civilization that replaced most people with androids. The space settlements started to orbit Mars and eventually all crashed into the surface of Mars. The remnants of Martian civilization and the Thelusian civilization are both still on the surface of Mars. Corporations from Earth have to fight with Thelusians for territory to mine resources from Mars. Martians are thought to have died out.
- Thelusians:
- Sinistrae:

"Zok, are you soulswept like Zek?"

"Well, I was soulswept, but then I scended and became... SWOLEswept."

With peoplePrinters to print out cult members, relay stations to soulsweep
anyone sensitive, and gestation pods to produce clones of Zek. The
peoplePrinters would print out copies of cultists, like Ursa, while the relay
stations would soulsweep people to bring them under the influence of the Dust
Queen.

Scenders consider Ursa and Zok to be abominations. Zok and Ursa are some of
most wanted Scender delinquents. Ursa has repeatedly stolen bodies and gotten
pregnant. There's no rule against switching gender, but Scenders are not
supposed to return to the physical world without a mission and having children
is strictly forbidden. Propagating physical life goes against the principles of
Scenderism. Ursa was obsessed with having a child in the physical world, that
she kept trying despite the fact that our recovery teams captured her every
time and destroyed the illegal offspring. We updated her mind in the
Scenderverse every time, hoping she would learn her lesson, but she kept trying
until she met Zok. Together, the two started to worship the long dead Martian
civilization and its undead leader. Zek and Iona are also part of the cult. I
thought you might have been able to catch on since Iona is Thelusian and the
Pulverulent Goddess controls all Thelusians. The four of them have been doing the Dust
Queen's bidding on Earth for centuries. They built hidden relay stations and
soulsweep people who are sensitive to Dextrae, like you are, so that they
eventually join the cult. Zek has overwritten countless minds with his own.
They are trying to overwrite your mind with the memories of the Pulverulent Goddess. We
want to preserve your brain the way it is, before they turn you into a puppet
for the Pulverulent Goddess. Ral has been feeding information about you to us in
exchange for access to technology. He thinks he can save mimickind with his
research. Kaia cries knowing that her friends except Sata have all lied to her.
Lan and Arla are dead. Ursa was originally a man and is now part of the Dust
Queen cult with Zek, Iona, and Zok.

Ursa created her own peoplePrinters, so she could come back and have a baby.
She would live in fear, but the Scenders would always find her. She lost many
babies at different stages of life as the Scender recovery teams tracked her
down. Each time, they killed her baby and brought her back to scend her so she
would remember the loss and potentially be deterred from trying again. The
recovery teams destroyed whatever peoplePrinters they could find, but Ursa
always had backups.

Iona was a child prostitute. The Thelusian government neglected her. She met
Zek, who took her in. Loving her like a daughter until she grew up.

If you see a patrol, do not panic. The robots will not fire on you until you
make contact with the ground. Try to land in the northeast part of the campus
and then take shelter in the trees surrounding the artificial lake. If you spot
a patrol and are forced to land, aim for a tree and wait for the patrol to
pass. Do not touch down on any-man made structure near a patrol or you will be
killed on sight.



- Kaia meets Ben and Edl. They tell her that Fera died in the explosion. This puts a strain on Kaia's relationship with Sata.
- Arla and Taz get married in Wieliczka
- The performance group puts on a play. Ursa heartbroken after the dance performance agrees to let Arla play the lead role. The play is about the origins of the Pulverulent Goddess. Arla feels fulfilled and cries when she gets a standing ovation with Taz front and center. Iona cries as she thanks everyone for their hard work, just as she did after the dance performance. Kaia doubts that the tears are real. Iona says that there is someone who would like to take the stage for something very important. Taz gets up on stage and proposes to Arla. She accepts with tears in her eyes. "Is it OK to be this happy?" This time Iona seems to cry for real.
- The performance group (Iona, Ursa, Arla, Lan, Zek, and Zok) show a demo of casino de rueda with Iona serving as the líder. The dancers break from the circle and start to dance in pairs but remaining unison. Zek dances with Iona, Zok dances with Ursa, and Lan dances with Arla. After the dance show concludes, Zok gets up on stage and presents flowers to Iona, the choreographer. Iona cries, but Kaia doubts that she is genuinely moved. The Zok says that there is a surprise that even Iona does not know about. "I'd like to dedicate this surprise performance to my brother Zek, the love of his life Iona, and the love of my life Ursa. I love you Ursa." Ursa cries intensely. Zok starts to solo dance an urban bachata-salsa song (bachasalsaton). Lan, now wearing a skirt and heels, joins Zok on stage. Lan and Zok dance a sensual bachata, rolling their bodies as they grind on each other. The bachata shifts to an intensely passionate salsa. Zok leads Lan through many challenging spins. Lan rips Zok's shirt open and slides his nose up Zok's torso. Zok lifts Lan above his head and the lights go out. The audience is stunned. Arla and Ral let out a gasp, but won't tell Kaia what they see to not ruin the surprise. When the lights go back up. A spotlight illuminates a pair of feet in glamorous heels. As the spotlight widens, a skirt drops over the legs and a hand shakes its finger at the audience. When the whole stage is illuminated Zok is now wearing heels and what appears to be the same skirt that Lan was wearing before. Zok begins to dance bachata seductively lifting up his skirt on every fourth and eighth beat to reveal his perfectly smooth legs. Lan dances on to the stage confidently and takes control of Zok. Lan turns Zok around grabs him by the hair and kisses his neck while grinding on him from behind. The music switches to salsa as before and Lan start leading Zok through the same routine as before, but the roles are now reversed. The audience applauds reluctantly and then quickly leaves. Zok and Lan look into each other's eyes passionately and bow holding hands. They appear ecstatic even though the applause is scattered. Zok and Lan disappear together. Ursa runs off in tears, thinking that the performance really wasn't for her and that Zok was just lying to make the surprise performance more palatable to the audience. Kaia, Sata, Arla, Iona, and Zek go after Ursa and try to comfort her. Note: Zok could come back as a woman, but wants to be a man and love Lan as a man. Iona is furious that funding for the performance group will likely to cut because the surprise performance will alienate rich donors, but Zek is happy for his brother. "They really put the man in performance." Zek tells Iona that they can always get more money. Iona says that having rich supporters is more important than just having enough money. She says that she was influence and prestige, and not just enough money to cover production costs. Ursa asks them all to leave but then calls Kaia back. She tells Kaia that she has another secret to tell, the biggest one of all. Ursa says that she once was a man and that her dream was to come back as a woman. She hated being a man. She hated her male body. She mentions to Kaia that one of her testicles hung much lower than the other. She said that being a woman even if her body would not be perfect was always her dream. As a man, she considered gender reassignment surgery, but she was always to afraid to try and it would not guarantee a safe pregnancy. She was recruited into Scenderism and became a spy for them. Ursa kidnapped her own sister, scended her, put her in arctic storage, came back in a replica of her body, and stole her identity. Ursa wonders if anyone could love her if they knew the truth and if she even deserved to be loved after what she did to her sister. Ursa says that she does not want to be a man, but the thought that Zok couldn't love her as a woman was killing her and making her think of living an unhappy life as a man just to please Zok. Kaia was so shocked by the confession that she left Ursa without saying a word. Ursa continued crying in the dark feeling completely alone. Kaia heads to kitchen and finds Zok and Lan cooking together wearing only aprons. They are blasting music (salsa, bachata, and zouk), laughing, dancing, feeding each other, and kissing. Kaia storms up to them and tells then that they hurt Ursa badly. Zok says that Ursa still has Zek and Iona, and that he knows that Ursa loves Kaia, but he's not sure if it is as a sister or in a romantic way. Kaia leaves flustered and confused, Lan and Zok continue on as they were before. She doesn't know where to go next. Should she take refuge in Sata?
- Everyone plays BugBall in Juvenia Stadium, Ral explains that the bugs and bunnies are also from the cosmic message. In BugBall, you can do whatever you can to advance the bug. Sheep are kept in pens on either end. After absorbing enough kinetic energy and mowing enough grass in its herbivore phase, the bug unfurls. An unfurled devourer enters its carnivore phase, starts to attack anyone nearby, and then searches for bunnyBalls to eat. Unfurled bunnyBalls can run away. Unfurled queens can fly and start creating new BugBalls. Unfurled batteringBugs charge and break down barriers. Unfurled blockerBugs create block bugs and players with their bodies. Unfurled worker bugs build barriers. The team with the most bunnyBalls in their pen at the end of game wins. Players can steal bunnyBalls from the pen of the opposing team. Each team starts with several baby BugBalls, one devourer BugBall, two flying queen BugBalls, four batteringBugs, eight blockerBugs, sixteen worker bugs, and 32 bunnyBalls.
  - "They're not really bunny. We just call them bunnies because they are furry. I looks like a puss caterpillar (Megalopyge opercularis) except its much larger and rolls up in a ball when it feels threatened, which is most of the time when humans are around."
- Fera meets refugees who tell her that they are glad that the city was blown up, because more resources are going to the refugee camp now.
- Kaia and Sata meet refugees in the mess tent.
- The refugees are happy that BugBall is so popular, because the bugs are turned into protein bars.
- More BugBall means more food for the refugee camp.
- Kaia and Sata ask the refugees if there is any food that does not involve bugs.
- The refugees say that there is no way to obtain any other food, because it is illegal to
  - grow their own food
  - leaving the camp
- The refugees say that Kaia and Sata need to learn to eat the food or they will starve
- The octopus becomes symbiotically linked to Kaia. She goes to the Vistula River and gets into the water. The octopus releases its spawn and thanks Kaia helping it and that it will repay the debt.
- Taz thinks its wild that Arla is tall. Lunkers tend to be on the shorter end of the spectrum. He has a weird obsession with height. "When I look at her, I think how will she even fit in the tunnels back home? It's so wrong. I can't stop staring at her.'"
- Visit Lem's grave in Salwator Cemetery to read the inscription: feci quod potui, faciant meliora potentes
Meaning: I have done what I could; let those who can do better. The Scenders have their base in the church because they like the inscription, vita non tollitur: Life does not end
- The refugee camp on the Błonia Park
- The students organize Iuwenalia
- Eiva sees the initials of Jagiellonian Library (BJ) and laughs. No one else understands.
- "Do you ever think that we might be the baddies?" "What do you mean?" "Well, we wear armor made from the bones of our enemies, we call ourselves Sinistrae, and we're trying to take over the world. Does that sound like what the good guys would do?" "All we are trying to do is make the world a better place by removing those who would oppose our relentless pursuit of power." "Do you think relentlessly pursing power at all costs makes us evil?" "Yes." "No, it makes us human."

Religions:
- Pulvism: Iona, Ursa, Zek, Zok, Noia, Onia
- Scenderism: Ben, Edl
- Tengrism: Dzaa, Daka, Nara, Tuia
  - The Mungs believe Tengri welcomed them into space, while the government sees them as parasites
  - The Mungs believe Fera to be
    - the embodiment of Tengri's will
    - the spiritual descendent of Chingis Han
    - the incarnation of Umai, because she has two wives (Eiva and Kaia) and two children, but no husband
      - Tengri's daughter
      - the goddess of fertility, motherhood, women, and children
- Animism and Shamanism: Driads, Subaks
- Mimics don't have a religion, but they believe their true religion may exist in the cosmic message.
- Subaks worship Neptune/Poseidon

Locations:
- Katowice: The city where the story begins. It explodes fairly early on in the story.
- Kraków: The majority of the story takes place around Kraków.
  - Entering the city itself is impossible because it is protected by World Heritage robots.
- Zakʐuvek: Artificial lake in an ancient stone quarry
- All Saints Chapel in Salwator Cemetery: Scender secret base
  - Lem's grave Date of death	27. 3. 2006 Cemetery	Salwator Cemetery, Kraków, Poland GPS coordinates of the cemetery	50.053249, 19.904173 Details: Approximate GPS coordinates of the grave are 50.053249, 19.904173. Stand in front of the church, then turn left.
- Kosciuszko Mound and entrance to the Lunker city
- Wieliczka: Wessel lake, Sinistrae time capsule, and chapel ("We're going to the chapel and going to get married.")
- Błonia Park: Refugee camp and Juvenia Field. Refugees cannot leave on foot because the World Heritage Site robots would kill them.
- Wawel Castle
- Space: prisons, and farms, and Mung settlements
- They need to go to space and hire a spacecraft captain who hates Mungs. They paid for a round trip to the ISS, but they the captain's life story for free. "I hate Mungs. Both of my ex-wives are Mungs." "People rarely go into a marriage with bad intentions. I certainly didn't. The heart wants what it wants. And some of those Mung women, let me tell you! They can work in high g-force environments without batting an eyelash. If there's sudden depressurization due to a crack in the hull, they just walk up to the crack, stick a body part into it, and yell at you to bring them the tools to patch it. I once saw a Mung woman hop between two open airlocks without a spacesuit. When I got there, she was already gone. She just walked off as it were nothing. I never got to ask if she was in a bind or just impatient. I reckon it's for the best that I never found her, because if I had, I reckon I would've proposed. Next stage in human evolution, I tell ya. You see on Earth everyone sits around worrying about every detail and they never take any real risks. Up here, every second of every minute is a risk. Evolution can only work by culling the weak and selecting for advantageous traits over multiple generations. If every generation is going to last for hundreds of years and there's no natural selection, then evolution grinds to a halt. My son exercises in 10G, and he's smart as a whip too. He takes spacecraft apart and puts them back together while flying them. And my daughters, they're..." The space captain broke down crying. "Little angels." "I miss them so much." The space captain's daughters are named Nara and Tuia they deserve their own novel that focuses on sisterly love (after Kaia and Sata join the Pulverulent Goddess?). The space captain gets recruited as a captain into Fera's army, thanks to nepotism (his son is an admiral).
- The mimics have colonized planets in Andromeda, even though they originated from somewhere else. The mimics plan to invade Earth after the Andromeda-Milky Way collision.
- "Debatable? That's not debatable." "Are you trying to debate the meaning of debatable?"

- The watermarks on the fakes and the original were the same so even if the originals were to be found, the originals would appear to be the fakes because the fakes are being hosted by the school's system."

"I'll never become a Scender. No one should live forever."


"The Dust cultists are trying to overwrite your mind with the memories of the
Pulverulent Goddess. We want to preserve your brain the way it is. We want to
study you to understand your gifts and use them for the good of humanity."

Kaia: "Why?"

"The Pulverulent Goddess promised Ursa that she could be a woman forever and
even have a baby."

Dust Goddess aka Dea Pulverulenta (Dust Queen is Regina Pulvis... "Vagina Pelvis?")

He explains that the Dust Goddess promised her motherhood and she agreed to follow the Dust Goddess forever.

Book 3:
The third book starts with a surprise attack by the invading mimic forces. Earth, Mars, and the Thelusians are brought to their knees. The mimics begin to take control. Characters previously oppressed by the rulers of Earth and Mars are now forced to fight the mimics in addition to fighting to survive. New ethnicities have formed since the ending of the 2nd book. Ral awakes and welcomes the invading forces, but they reject him because he is a weakling. The messages were only partially decoded by Earth's scientists and the invading mimics see Ral as a flaw. Ral decides to fight back against the mimic invasion. He hides the fact that he knew about the invasion from the other members of the resistance. The new mimics keep humans and old mimics alive to study how they have adapted to life on Earth. It turns out the old mimics adapted to be symbiotic humans while the new mimics are parasitic. New mimics can impregnate human men and women. Human men typically die after giving birth to a mimic baby, while human women typically survive the birth. Old mimics can only become pregnant themselves after interacting with humans. As the invading mimics adapt, it becomes difficult to say who is human, new mimic, and old mimic. Part of humanity escapes into space away from the mimic invaders. The new mimics rule over and oppress the humans and the old mimics. The humans and old mimics form an alliance against the new mimic oppressors. A new hero arises who gains the ability to fight back after she masters an ancient AI (the UNO AI is brought under control when the hero says tries to use a defective sudoku puzzle to destroy the AI, "command ku not found", "Guess the password," a voice whispered "Guess the password?!" Kaia exclaimed, "Password accepted. Welcome guest," the AI responded). She is able to understand the thoughts of new mimics, old mimics, and humans. She teaches humans about the mimic hivemind. She uses her powers to destroy the new mimic power structure, killing off most of the people. The AI informs her that she made a mistake and the setback to technological progress could be disastrous. If the infighting and the setbacks to technological progress continue then humanity and mimicity will be unprepared for when Earth will be consumed by the Sun. The hero tries to organize the survivors, humans, new mimics, and old mimics alike, to work together to prepare for the Sun's expansion. The hero decides that the only way to ensure stability is install herself as the new ruler of Earth and Mars. The AI agrees and helps the hero to take over. The hero starts crushing those who defied her and rules over Mars and Earth with a iron fist calling herself the All Queen. She begins to transmit signals similar to those coming from the distant mimic civilizations, intending to destroy nascent mimic civilizations, and create more of her own civilizations throughout the universe. She makes plans to move first Earth and then Mars to escape the Sun's expansion. The All Queen sends out colony ships in all directions planning to conquer nearby worlds when Andromeda collides with the Milky Way and rule over all of Milkomeda.
