# Soulswept

Kaia would have given anything to be normal. Filled with dread and paralyzed by
anxiety, she wished she could be carefree and unconcerned like the other
students in the cacophonous gymnasium.

There was no way out. The polyethylene bleachers where Kaia sat were packed with
the entire cohort of high school freshman. All around the bleachers, robotic
animals and insects observed the students.

Kaia leaned in to her best friend Sata and whispered "Let's run."

"We wouldn't even make it to the door, which is locked by the way."

"If we run, they'll have to knock us out and we'll miss the ceremony."

Kaia and Sata looked at the hexagonal holes in the walls where the robotic
insects made their nests. Inside the walls, there was a network of tunnels
filled with robotic insects constantly ready to swarm anyone who stepped out of
line.

"If the BuzzBees knocked us out, the WakeupWasps would sting us."

"Maybe if we act crazy, they'll have to knock us out to keep us quiet."

"Acting crazy should be easy for you, because you've always been insane."

Sata knew that the joke didn't land well, so she tried to reassure her friend.

"Maybe it won't be so bad. Maybe I won't have a seizure and you won't freak out."

...

In front of the bleachers where the students sat was a
platform and podium where the principal students

In i students were surrounded by robotic animals 

Kaia looked over to Sata, her best friend since primary school, and thought
about how they never fit in at school. Thinking about her friendship with Sata,
Kaia wondered if the only reason that they were friends was because they were
both abnormal.

For as long as she could remember, Kaia had auditory hallucinations. She always
had trouble differentiating between the voices of people around her and the
voices in her head.

To make matters worse, Kaia often had strange dreams at night and weird visions
during the day. The dreams and visions seemed so real and familiar that it
sometimes took Kaia a long time to reacclimatize to reality.

Sata did not suffer from mental illness like Kaia. Instead, Sata had a
neurological condition called epilepsy.

Sata often had absentee seizures that would incapacitate her for short periods
of time and leave her feeling weak and disoriented. The more severe seizures,
during which Sata appeared to be tormented by invisible demons and tossed about
by an unseen hand, were mercifully rare.

None of the other students seemed to be at all concerned with the secondary
school initiation ceremony.
